112	stairs	About 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs .
112	the background	a house and a green wall with gate in the background .
116	the ground	a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand .
116	sand	a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand .
116	him	one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him .
25	the background	a yellow building with white columns in the background .
25	the house	two palm trees in front of the house .
25	house	cars parked in front of the house .
25	the square	a woman and a child are walking over the square .
26	picture	a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
26	the street	a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
26	a junction	a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
26	a park	there are red umbrellas in a park on the right .
26	the park	people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
26	the road	people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
26	the foreground	people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
28	a hill	a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill .
28	the hill	bushes and small trees on the hill .
28	the hill	street leading up the hill .
28	the blue sky	there are white clouds in the blue sky .
32	the centre	there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre .
33	the jungle	a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle .
33	the foreground	front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground .
35	a lookout	a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
35	the foreground	a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
35	the background	green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background .
38	a u-shaped cliff	View of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff .
38	a blue sky	white clouds in a blue sky in the background .
38	the background	white clouds in a blue sky in the background .
40	the background	a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background .
42	both sides	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	them	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	it	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	the street	one car is going up the street .
42	the street	there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background .
42	the background	there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background .
45	four sides	two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides .
45	top	the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top .
47	the shade	View of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade .
47	the sun	the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade .
47	the shade	the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade .
48	the sun	a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade .
48	the shade	a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade .
48	the background	view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background .
49	the sky	some clouds in the sky .
49	the beach	there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background .
49	the background	there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background .
51	the building	the Paraguayan flag is waving on top of the building .
51	the foreground	there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
51	the background	there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
52	a lake	steam ship in a lake , docked .
52	the bow	the flag of Paraguay at the bow of the ship .
52	the background	a blue sky in the background .
53	the background	a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background .
54	the background	trees in the background .
546	a bench	Four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall .
546	a canteen kitchen	Four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall .
546	brick wall	Four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall .
55	the shade	Against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right .
55	its left and right	Against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right .
55	the foreground	there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
55	the background	there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
56	Asuncion	well exposed front view of the cathedral in Asuncion .
56	top	two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top .
56	the right tower	there is a clock on the right tower .
56	the middle gate	streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners .
56	the corners	streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners .
56	towers	bells visible in both towers .
57	the foreground	a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background .
57	the background	a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background .
58	the foreground	a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground .
58	the building	the flag of Paraguay is waving at the top of the building .
59	entrance	stairs are leading up to the entrance .
59	the big roof	one red huge column is supporting the big roof .
59	the foreground	rails in the foreground .
60	street	two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left .
60	the sidewalk	people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street .
60	the street	people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street .
60	the street	cars are parked along the left side of the street as well .
61	an avenue	an avenue with seven yellow taxis lined up on the right side .
61	their taxis	some drivers are waiting for customers outside of their taxis .
61	them	green trees behind them .
62	a terrace	a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground .
62	the foreground	a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground .
62	the background	a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background .
63	a green lawn	Several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground .
63	the foreground	Several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground .
63	it	a large grey and black building behind it .
63	a huge column	a huge column with a football on top on the left .
63	the background	a blue sky with white clouds in the background .
64	one tiny spot	water is flowing through one tiny spot .
64	the foreground	green reed in the foreground .
646	a stage	Rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red T-shirt on a stage .
646	the background	crowd is cheering in the background .
651	a buildilng	Group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng .
651	the people	three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box .
651	the background	some rocks in the background .
651	the foreground	a gravel road in the foreground .
652	a white house	Two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows .
656	rails	one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall .
656	brick wall	one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall .
66	the foreground	backwater is flowing off in the foreground .
661	a lawn	two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners .
661	light brown house	two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners .
662	a grey square	School kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange .
662	the line up	one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group .
662	the background	two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background .
662	them	two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background .
663	table	a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard .
663	a schoolyard	a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard .
663	the table	there are many books on the table .
663	her	two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table .
663	the table	two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table .
664	the focus	four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate .
668	the foreground	four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground .
668	the background	more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around .
668	the school wall	more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around .
671	a kitchen	five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
671	them	five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
671	them	five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
672	excited kids	Santa Claus in middle of excited kids .
672	the background	a woman with a present in the background .
674	a room	Three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls .
674	a desk	one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way .
678	a desk	A school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple .
678	the background	three other kids in the background .
679	a bus	Four tourists are sitting on a bus .
679	the front row	two women in the front row with their heads turned around .
679	the second row	another one in the second row looking out the window .
679	last row	and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too .
682	their desks	the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well .
682	them	six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo .
683	a wooden bench	Three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall .
683	red brick wall	Three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall .
683	the wall	one man is standing behind the wall .
684	their desks	photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing .
684	their desks	photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing .
684	the foreground	two kids are eating their lunch in the foreground .
684	pictures	there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background .
684	the background	there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background .
685	a table	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	plastic bag	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	the background	there is a second , empty table in the background .
686	a table	six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars .
686	the table	one kid is standing next to the table .
686	a woman	a woman is holding a black plastic bag on the left .
686	the background	three tourists in the background are talking to each other .
687	La Paz	panorama view of houses in La Paz .
687	the foreground	red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background .
687	the background	red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background .
689	them	photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them .
689	the background	a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket .
689	the basket	a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket .
689	background	a large mountain in the distant background .
690	a blue building	Lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building .
690	the slide	one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it .
690	her left hand	another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand .
690	the background	others are just sitting around or are standing in the background .
690	background	there are snow covered mountains in the distant background .
692	the foreground	there are two social workers in the foreground .
692	the room	at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting .
692	the ground	there are many newspapers on the ground to protect the kindergarten floor .
693	the background	portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background .
694	them	a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
694	a hill	a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
694	the background	a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
696	blackboard	Six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school .
696	a primary school	Six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school .
696	their desks	local kids are sitting at their desks , singing and clapping .
696	the wall	there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background .
696	the background	there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background .
698	a green wall	a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings .
698	children's paintings	a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings .
698	an improvised cupboard	an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room .
698	a corner	an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room .
698	the room	an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room .
700	a kindergarten	volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten .
700	the wall	movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background .
700	the background	movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background .
702	a room	tourists are posing in a room , ten of them are standing , one is squatting .
702	a table	one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls .
702	the wall	there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists .
702	the tourists	there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists .
704	wooden desks	Pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom .
704	open air classroom	Pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom .
704	the background	red brick wall and windows in the background .
705	round tables	children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) .
705	the wall	there are posters and maps on the wall in the background .
705	the background	there are posters and maps on the wall in the background .
708	the wall	there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon .
708	the background	there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon .
709	it	a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it .
709	the background	three ordinary a bit elevated houses in the background .
712	round table	Six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) .
712	wooden chairs	Six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) .
712	the wall	pictures and comics on the wall behind them .
712	them	pictures and comics on the wall behind them .
712	the background	car tyres in the background on the right .
714	the slope	a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill .
714	the hill	small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill .
714	the background	a lake in the background .
715	the back	School kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front .
715	the front	School kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front .
715	their hands	each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera .
715	the background	a blackboard in the background .
715	the front row	one kid in the centre of the front row is holding a teddy .
716	theirs desk	classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats .
716	her desk	one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
716	her desk	one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
716	the wall	one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
716	the background	shelves and posters in the background .
717	their desks	children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row .
717	the last row	children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row .
717	the wall	there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left .
718	him	One boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him .
718	him	several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else .
718	the foreground	one kid in the foreground is wearing a green hat .
718	the background	there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background .
719	her	school children around her , looking at the book too .
719	the background	in the background there is a table with school equipment on it .
719	it	in the background there is a table with school equipment on it .
719	the foreground	the kid in the foreground is holding a pencil .
723	the blackboard	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
723	a classroom	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
723	their desks	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
723	the blackboard	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
723	the clock	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
723	the blackboard	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
723	the side wall	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
723	the windows	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
725	his back	a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back .
726	their desks	Children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher .
726	the classroom	there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom .
726	it	there is a wall on the left with a map of Peru , a poster and Minnie Mouse on it .
728	the windows	Close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof .
728	the roof	Close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof .
728	the building	a few pupils are in front of the building .
731	a valley	View of a city in a valley .
731	the foreground	bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground .
731	the background	an overcast sky in the background .
732	the entrance	tourists are standing at the entrance of classroom .
736	the blackboard	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom .
736	a classroom	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom .
736	their desks	all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera .
736	the blackboard	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
736	the clock	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
736	the blackboard	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
736	the side wall	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
736	the windows	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
737	the bare brickwork	many wires are sticking out of the bare brickwork .
737	a ladder	one person is climbing up a ladder .
737	the house	many pallets are lying piled up in front of the house .
738	their desks	Excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom .
738	a classroom	Excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom .
738	the wall	there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back .
738	their desk	two girls have an open book on their desk .
739	each side	a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side .
739	the background	another house with a green and yellow and red roof in the background .
742	the classroom	tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard .
742	the blackboard	tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard .
742	the blackboard	there is a clock and the writing Dios es Amor above the blackboard .
754	a wet sidewalk	Tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food .
754	them	a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them .
768	a grey square	school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square .
768	the background	one tourist is holding one kid in the background .
768	the kids	some kids standing in front of the kids posing .
779	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom .
779	the background	a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) .
780	it	portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a USA flag in the shape of a heart on it .
783	the floor	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor .
786	the ground	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground .
789	a school desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk .
790	a brown door	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door .
791	a red couch	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear .
792	school desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover .
794	the wall	handprints on the wall behind her .
794	her	handprints on the wall behind her .
796	the arms	a dark-haired baby in the arms of a woman .
796	the wall	handprints on the wall in the background .
796	the background	handprints on the wall in the background .
797	red brick wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white shirt is standing in front of red brick wall .
799	a house	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl , wearing a skirt and a dark vest , is standing in front of a house .
799	the background	there is a white bucket in the background .
800	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a light brown jumper with orange edges is standing in front of a desk .
800	wall	pictures on a wooden wall in the background .
800	background	pictures on a wooden wall in the background .
802	the wall	handprints on the wall behind her .
802	her	handprints on the wall behind her .
803	his mouth	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white shirt and a green tee-shirt , putting his index finger of his left hand in his mouth .
803	their tables	other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
803	a blackboard	other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
803	the background	other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
804	a blue wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a coloured shirt is standing in front of a blue wall .
806	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a dark blue jumper and a light blue skirt is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
806	a building	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a dark blue jumper and a light blue skirt is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
808	a brown door	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue jumper with a yellow collar is standing in front of a brown door .
809	green bench	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a pink pullover is sitting on green bench .
809	the wall	colourful handprints on the wall behind her .
809	her	colourful handprints on the wall behind her .
810	a green bench	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue pullover is sitting on a green bench .
810	the wall	colourful handprints on the wall behind him .
810	him	colourful handprints on the wall behind him .
811	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl is sitting at a desk and wearing a white pullover with an emblem .
812	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey T-Shirt is standing in a classroom .
812	the background	a wall made of red bricks in the background .
813	a wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in dark vest is standing in front of a wall made of rocks .
815	grey brick wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt and red pants is standing in front of grey brick wall .
817	the background	boulders in the background .
818	background	boulders in background .
819	the near background	a wall made of boulders in the near background .
819	the front	USA jumper says Future USA at the front , with the Olympic rings below the letters , one sleeve shows the stars , the other one the stripes .
819	the letters	USA jumper says Future USA at the front , with the Olympic rings below the letters , one sleeve shows the stars , the other one the stripes .
821	a brick-wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing dark blue dungarees and a light blue and pink pullover is standing in front of a brick-wall .
822	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue and white chequered shirt is sitting at a desk outside .
824	a blue wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a colourful shirt and a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a blue wall .
825	a room	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy with a grey shirt is standing in a room in front of a wall made of red bricks .
825	a wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy with a grey shirt is standing in a room in front of a wall made of red bricks .
826	desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a red coat is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
826	building	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a red coat is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
827	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black blouse is standing in a classroom in front of a wooden wall .
827	a wooden wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black blouse is standing in a classroom in front of a wooden wall .
828	desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey pullover is sitting at his desk in his classroom .
828	classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey pullover is sitting at his desk in his classroom .
828	the background	there are some of his classmates in the background .
829	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a grey tee-shirt is standing next to her desk in a classroom .
829	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a grey tee-shirt is standing next to her desk in a classroom .
829	the wall	there are two more kids and comic figures on the wall in the background .
829	the background	there are two more kids and comic figures on the wall in the background .
831	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green vest is standing at her desk in a classroom in front of a wall made of red bricks .
831	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green vest is standing at her desk in a classroom in front of a wall made of red bricks .
831	a wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green vest is standing at her desk in a classroom in front of a wall made of red bricks .
832	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a pinkish greyish pullover is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
833	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in black pullover and blue pants is standing next to a desk .
833	the background	grey brick walls and blue sky in the background .
834	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in black vest is sitting at a desk outside the classroom .
834	the classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in black vest is sitting at a desk outside the classroom .
834	back	grey brick walls at the back .
834	the sandy floor	a cardboard box is standing on the sandy floor on the left .
835	a blue wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing in front of a blue wall .
836	a blue wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a black pullover is standing in front of a blue wall .
837	a red brick wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue-and-white striped jumper with a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a red brick wall and a blue wall .
837	a blue wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue-and-white striped jumper with a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a red brick wall and a blue wall .
838	classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in grey tee-shirt is standing in classroom .
838	the background	a man in the background .
841	his desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white tee-shirt is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
841	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white tee-shirt is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
841	the background	more kids in the background are looking at the camera too .
842	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a dark blue tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
842	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a dark blue tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
842	the background	a girl is eating in the background , another one wearing an orange pullover is walking along the corridor between the desks .
842	the corridor	a girl is eating in the background , another one wearing an orange pullover is walking along the corridor between the desks .
842	the desks	a girl is eating in the background , another one wearing an orange pullover is walking along the corridor between the desks .
843	brick-wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in pink pullover ( with a surfing Bart Simpson on it ) is standing in front of a red brick-wall in a classroom .
843	classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in pink pullover ( with a surfing Bart Simpson on it ) is standing in front of a red brick-wall in a classroom .
844	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a black pullover and light brown shirt in a classroom .
844	the background	two more boys in the background .
845	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt and black pants with black suspenders is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
845	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt and black pants with black suspenders is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
845	the background	some kids in the background are sitting at their desks .
845	their desks	some kids in the background are sitting at their desks .
846	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
846	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
846	the desk	some sheets of paper are lying on the desk in front of her .
846	her	some sheets of paper are lying on the desk in front of her .
847	classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a chequered shirt standing in a classroom .
847	their desk	kids sitting at their desk in the background .
847	the background	kids sitting at their desk in the background .
848	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue , white and orange striped jumper is standing in a classroom .
848	a desk	a girl is sitting at a desk behind him .
848	him	a girl is sitting at a desk behind him .
848	the wall	two comic figures on the wall in the background .
848	the background	two comic figures on the wall in the background .
849	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white vest and black pants is standing next to a desk .
849	a desk	the lower half of a bottle of Kola Real is standing on a desk next to her .
849	her	the lower half of a bottle of Kola Real is standing on a desk next to her .
849	the background	a red brick wall in the background .
850	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
850	a red brick wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
850	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
851	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white shirt underneath a black pullover is standing in a classroom .
851	pullover	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white shirt underneath a black pullover is standing in a classroom .
851	the background	other kids are working in the background .
852	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black pullover is sitting at her desk in the classroom .
852	the classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black pullover is sitting at her desk in the classroom .
853	two desks	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a very colourful pullover is standing in between two desks in a classroom .
853	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a very colourful pullover is standing in between two desks in a classroom .
853	the red brick wall	there is a poster on the red brick wall in the background .
853	the background	there is a poster on the red brick wall in the background .
854	its head	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy is wearing a blue pullover with a white elephant having a yellow hat on its head at the front .
854	his desk	the boy is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
854	a classroom	the boy is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
854	him	two kids are sitting behind him .
854	the wall	writing bienvenidos on the wall .
855	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey and blue jumper is standing next to a desk in a classroom .
855	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey and blue jumper is standing next to a desk in a classroom .
855	a red brick wall	a poster on a red brick wall behind him .
855	him	a poster on a red brick wall behind him .
855	the wall	a picture of a sunflower on the wall next to him .
855	him	a picture of a sunflower on the wall next to him .
856	it	a dark-skinned boy is wearing a black cap with an A on it , a grey and purple pullover and a black jacket which is red on the inside .
856	the background	grass , stones and some garbage in the background .
857	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover is standing in a classroom .
857	a dark grey pullover	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover is standing in a classroom .
857	the background	there are other kids in the background too , either standing or sitting at their desk .
857	their desk	there are other kids in the background too , either standing or sitting at their desk .
858	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
858	a dark grey pullover	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
858	the background	more kids in the background .
859	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey jacket is standing in a classroom .
859	her desk	a girl is sitting at her desk in the background .
859	the background	a girl is sitting at her desk in the background .
859	the wall	comic characters on the wall at the back .
859	the back	comic characters on the wall at the back .
861	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue sweater with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
862	his desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey tee-shirt is standing at his desk in a classroom .
862	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey tee-shirt is standing at his desk in a classroom .
862	him	another kid in a grey jacket is standing right behind him .
863	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
863	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
864	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green and white pullover and carrying a backpack with pink straps is standing in a classroom .
864	the background	one more girl in the background .
865	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing at her desk in a classroom .
865	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing at her desk in a classroom .
868	his desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a black adidas cap , a white tee-shirt with long sleeves and a sleeveless dark grey pullover is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
868	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a black adidas cap , a white tee-shirt with long sleeves and a sleeveless dark grey pullover is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
869	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in grey tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
869	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in grey tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
871	her classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a purple pullover and black pants standing in her classroom in front of all the desks where the other pupils are sitting ( in the background ) .
871	the desks	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a purple pullover and black pants standing in her classroom in front of all the desks where the other pupils are sitting ( in the background ) .
871	the background	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a purple pullover and black pants standing in her classroom in front of all the desks where the other pupils are sitting ( in the background ) .
871	the background	there is a blackboard in the background too .
872	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue jumper with a yellow zip and a light blue nametag is standing in a classroom .
872	him	some kids are standing behind him .
873	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a purple tee-shirt and an open white and blue jacket is standing in a classroom .
875	classroom	a dark-skinned girl with black , ear-long hair in a green pullover and sleeveless brownish jumper is standing in a classroom .
875	her	behind her a boy with a blue cap , white tee-shirt and red pants .
875	the background	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desk in the background .
875	their desk	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desk in the background .
879	his desk	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a brown pullover sitting at his desk in a classroom .
879	a classroom	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a brown pullover sitting at his desk in a classroom .
879	the desk	some sheets of paper on the desk .
879	the background	more kids are standing in the background .
885	classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with two short pigtails wearing a red tee-shirt , a white shirt and a greyish-blue pullover standing in a classroom .
885	her	one girl wearing the same outfit plus a pink nametag standing right behind her .
885	their desk	other kids are sitting at their desk in the background .
885	the background	other kids are sitting at their desk in the background .
892	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a coloured polo shirt sitting in a classroom .
892	the background	more kids and comic figures on a wall in the background .
892	a wall	more kids and comic figures on a wall in the background .
893	classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a yellow Umbro sweater with black sleeves , black collar and a black zip is standing in a classroom .
893	their desks	more kids at their desks in the classroom .
893	the classroom	more kids at their desks in the classroom .
893	the background	also a blackboard in the background .
894	a classroom	a dark-skinned girl with long black hair wearing a red blouse and blue dungarees is standing in a classroom .
894	their desks	four kids are sitting at their desks and are watching her in the background .
894	the background	four kids are sitting at their desks and are watching her in the background .
895	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a light brown cap , a white shirt and a blue pullover with a light blue nametag is standing in a classroom .
895	the background	some kids in the background are watching him , others are at their desk .
895	their desk	some kids in the background are watching him , others are at their desk .
895	the background	there is also a blackboard in the background .
896	a classroom	a dark-skinned dark-haired boy in grey tee-shirt with blue collar , SA print and a wet spot at the front standing in a classroom .
896	the background	several desks , two more kids and a blackboard in the background .
897	a classroom	a dark-skinned girl with long black hair wearing a purple dress with green edges standing in a classroom .
897	her	boy dressed in green behind her eating something .
897	their desks	more kids at their desks in the background .
897	the background	more kids at their desks in the background .
899	a classroom	a dark-skinned girl with dark long hair wearing a white vest is standing in a classroom in front of all the desks .
899	the desks	a dark-skinned girl with dark long hair wearing a white vest is standing in a classroom in front of all the desks .
899	the background	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desks in the background .
899	their desks	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desks in the background .
900	a classroom	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl in grey tee-shirt with Pokemon print and pink edge standing in a classroom in front of the desks .
900	the desks	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl in grey tee-shirt with Pokemon print and pink edge standing in a classroom in front of the desks .
900	the background	more kids and a blackboard in the background .
901	the background	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
904	the background	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
905	the ground	a boy wearing a turquoise shirt and white hat is sitting on the ground and eating an orange .
905	the background	sand and rocks in the background .
906	the background	stones and rocks in the background .
906	background	hills in the distant background .
907	the background	boulders in the background .
909	the background	rocks in the background .
910	a classroom	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing white shirt and yellow and grey sweater is standing in a classroom .
910	their desk	other kids sitting at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
910	the background	other kids sitting at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
912	the sand	a boy with a green cap with the script CA wearing a turquoise and green pullover with white and yellow stripes is sitting in the sand outside .
912	the background	sand , stones and boulders in the background .
914	a classroom	a dark-skinned dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a pink and white striped pullover is standing in a classroom .
914	the background	blackboard and teacher ( ? ) in the background .
915	the desks	a dark-skinned and dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
915	a classroom	a dark-skinned and dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
915	her waist	a grown-up's hand is holding the girl at her waist .
915	their desk	more kids at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
915	the background	more kids at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
916	a classroom	a dark-haired dark-skinned boy wearing a chequered shirt with a light blue nametag standing in a classroom .
916	the background	more kids and a blackboard in the background .
917	the background	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
918	a classroom	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a light blue cap , a grey tee-shirt and a red jumper ( that is blue on the inside ) is standing in a classroom .
918	the background	blackboard and kids in the background .
919	a classroom	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a light blue tee-shirt is standing in a classroom .
919	their desks	more kids sitting at their desks and a blackboard in the background .
919	the background	more kids sitting at their desks and a blackboard in the background .
921	the desks	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a black tee-shirt and a light blue name tag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
921	a classroom	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a black tee-shirt and a light blue name tag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
921	her desk	one girl sitting at her desk and eating bread .
921	him	another kid in a red jumper standing right behind him .
921	the background	more kids in the background .
922	the pullover	there is a smiling green and yellow plane on the pullover .
922	the background	sandy landscape with stones and rocks in the background .
923	the background	sand and rocks in the background .
924	the background	sandy landscape with stones and rocks in the background .
925	the background	rocky desert in the background .
926	a rocky desert	a girl with medium-long , brunette hair and a white and light brown pullover standing in a rocky desert .
926	the background	rocks in the background .
927	the background	sand and some stones in the background .
929	the background	a couple of bushes and houses in the background , one with a yellow roof , one with a red roof , the rest with grey roofs .
933	it	a dark-skinned dark-haired boy wearing a white cap ( with a green woodpecker on it ) and a white and pink jumper .
934	a grey wall	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a grey Nike cap and a grey pullover is standing in front of a grey wall .
935	the background	grey wall of a house on the right , reddish house with some wood on the left in the background .
936	a white wall	a dark-haired boy wearing a black cap , a yellow tee-shirt , a white polo shirt and an open red jacket , is standing in front of a white wall .
939	a thatched roof	a dark-haired boy wearing a dark brown traditional hat and a dark red jacket standing in front of a thatched roof .
941	the backyard	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a red cap and a blue jumper with a grey zip standing in the backyard .
941	the background	there is a grey house with a light blue roof in the background .
942	the background	three houses in the background , one with a yellow roof .
942	the meadow	a couple of rocks are lying around in the meadow just behind the girl .
942	the girl	a couple of rocks are lying around in the meadow just behind the girl .
943	the meadow	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black Nike cap , a chequered shirt and a red jacket ( that is black inside ) is standing in the meadow behind a house .
943	a house	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black Nike cap , a chequered shirt and a red jacket ( that is black inside ) is standing in the meadow behind a house .
943	the background	some rocks and stones in the background .
944	a meadow	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional green hat and a white cardigan in a meadow behind a grey house .
944	a grey house	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional green hat and a white cardigan in a meadow behind a grey house .
947	the backyard	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl wearing a red vest and a long necklace standing in the backyard of two grey houses .
947	the background	some dowels are lying around in the background .
948	a backyard	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a dark green pullover ( with a white bear on it ) in a backyard .
948	it	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a dark green pullover ( with a white bear on it ) in a backyard .
948	the background	some garbage lying around in the background .
949	the background	short grass and some garbage in the background .
950	a green vest	a dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a yellow tee-shirt and a white vest underneath a green vest , and a necklace with white and green glass beads .
951	the backyard	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a red vest and a brown necklace , in the backyard of a house .
952	the backyard	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
952	a house	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
952	a large purple cloth	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
953	a large , red poncho	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a white pullover underneath a large , red poncho and a brown necklace .
953	background	a grey brick wall and short grass in background .
955	the background	a grey brick wall and short grass in the background .
957	the background	a grey house and short grass in the background .
958	the background	two houses in the background , one with a grey roof , the other one with a light brown roof .
958	the background	short grass and some large stones in the background .
959	the background	exterior shot , with some short grass in the background .
960	a white wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey cap and a dark and light grey jumper with a black zip , in front of a white wall .
962	background	blue sky in background .
963	the backyard	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey tee-shirt , a dark green vest and a light green poncho , is standing in the backyard of a house .
963	a house	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey tee-shirt , a dark green vest and a light green poncho , is standing in the backyard of a house .
963	the background	a white painted house with a thatched roof and a wooden fence in the background .
963	the fence	there is also a plastic bag in front of the fence .
966	background	a hilly landscape with a few trees in near background , distant background almost treeless .
967	a branch	portrait of a coloured , dark-haired boy with a bit washed-out green hat , white tee-shirt and a claret vest pullover , in front of a branch of a conifer .
969	the background	short grass and some garbage in the background .
970	background	short grass in background .
971	the background	short grass in the background .
991	a painted wall	a dark-haired boy wearing a black pullover and a light blue jeans jacket is standing in front of a painted wall .
991	hills	the painting shows a sunset behind hills and a tree .
992	a painted wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt in front of a painted wall .
992	a hill	the painting shows a sunset behind a hill and a tree .
992	a tree	the painting shows a sunset behind a hill and a tree .
993	a red door	a dark-skinned boy with a sceptic look , white cap and purple pullover standing in front of a red door with a glasswindow and children's paintings attached .
994	a pile of wood	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a red , white and brown anorak and a blue cap is standing in front of a pile of wood .
995	a pile of wood	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey pullover and a dark turquoise vest is standing in front of a pile of wood .
996	a white wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a traditional green hat , black chequered pants and a pink violet poncho is standing in front of a white wall with a light blue fillet .
997	a grey wall	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black and yellow beanie , a white shirt beneath a light blue anorak and black pants leaning against a grey wall .
998	a grey wall	a dark-skinned boy wearing an orange cap , a light and dark blue anorak and grey trousers , is standing in front of a grey wall .
999	a lookout	a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
999	his right hand	a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
999	sleeveless grey vest	a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
1000	a grey wall	a dark-skinned boy wearing a knitted woolly hat and a light and dark grey striped jumper with a grey zip , leaning on a grey wall .
1001	a light grey wall	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap and a dark blue and yellow anorak with a black zip in front of a light grey wall .
1003	the background	very rocky landscape with little grass in the background .
1004	a house	a dark-skinned boy wearing a blue cap and a yellow jumper is standing outside a house , having his hands in his pockets .
1004	his pockets	a dark-skinned boy wearing a blue cap and a yellow jumper is standing outside a house , having his hands in his pockets .
1005	red bricks	a boy with a light blue cap , a red pullover , blue jeans and black shoes is standing in front of a pile of red bricks , with his hands in his pockets .
1005	his pockets	a boy with a light blue cap , a red pullover , blue jeans and black shoes is standing in front of a pile of red bricks , with his hands in his pockets .
1005	the background	thatched roofs in the background .
1006	a very colourful wall	a dark-skinned girl wearing a traditional green hat and a purple cloak ( cloth ) standing in front of a very colourful wall .
1007	a very colourful wall	a dark-skinned girl wearing a black hat and a black jacket with red sleeves and a red zip is standing in front of a very colourful wall .
1008	a colourful wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat and a blue poncho is standing in front of a colourful wall .
1009	a grey wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a dark blue anorak and grey pants is standing in front of a grey wall .
1010	a grey wall	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap with a red shield , a purple jacket with dark green sleeves and red pants is standing in front of a grey wall .
1015	small black saurian	a large black and red saurian next to a small black saurian on some sandy rocks .
1015	sandy rocks	a large black and red saurian next to a small black saurian on some sandy rocks .
1026	a room	interior view of a room with a large wooden bed in the centre .
1026	the bed	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1026	the wall	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1026	the bed	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1029	a wooden chair	a man in white shirt , black jacket , grey pants and black shoes is sitting on a wooden chair and talking on the phone .
1029	the man	on the left ( before the man ) a wooden desk and a vase with flowers .
1029	the chair	there is a black brief-case in front of the chair , and there is also a picture hanging on the wall above the bed .
1029	the wall	there is a black brief-case in front of the chair , and there is also a picture hanging on the wall above the bed .
1029	the bed	there is a black brief-case in front of the chair , and there is also a picture hanging on the wall above the bed .
1030	the entrance	a blue bus is parking in front of the entrance of the Hotel Galeria .
1030	the entrance	there are stairs at the entrance .
1030	the entrance	there are flags and a lamp at each side of the entrance .
1033	an inner courtyard	an inner courtyard with a fountain and flower pots in the centre .
1033	the red building	several arches surround the courtyard on two levels in front of the red building with a blue entrance .
1033	the arches	more flower pots below the arches .
1037	the two beds	interior view of a room with two single beds with a yellow and red chequered bedcover and a night table in between the two beds .
1040	the entrance	arched entrance to a hotel with a revolving glass door and a well exposed flower pot on each side of the entrance .
1041	18 story building	a large , brown , 18 story building with two palm trees , lamps and flags in front .
1041	the background	blue sky in the background .
1049	second floor	exterior view of a light brown house , with stairs rising to the entrance of the second floor on the left , a tower with two small windows in the centre .
1049	a tower	exterior view of a light brown house , with stairs rising to the entrance of the second floor on the left , a tower with two small windows in the centre .
1049	the stairs	there is an arch below the stairs leading to the entrance of the first floor .
1049	the background	blue sky in the background .
1053	it	interior view of a room with white walls , a wooden double bed , white pillows , a brown , green and red striped blanked and a night table with a bedside lamp on it .
1056	the entrance	Five flags and a cobbled street in front of the entrance .
1060	the foreground	a swimming pool in the foreground .
