112	 about 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs . 	about 20 kids
112	 about 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs . 	traditional clothing
112	 about 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs . 	hats
112	 about 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs . 	stairs
116	 a house and a green wall with gate in the background . 	a house
116	 a house and a green wall with gate in the background . 	a green wall
116	 a house and a green wall with gate in the background . 	gate
116	 a house and a green wall with gate in the background . 	the background
25	 a sign saying that plants can't be picked up on the right . 	a sign
25	 a sign saying that plants can't be picked up on the right . 	plants
25	 a sign saying that plants can't be picked up on the right . 	the right
26	 a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand . 	a rock hole
26	 a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand . 	the ground
26	 a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand . 	sand
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	man
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	a white tee-shirt
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	pants
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	a white cap
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	a shovel
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	pants
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	a white jumper
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	a traditional hat
28	 one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him . 	him
32	 a yellow building with white columns in the background . 	a yellow building
32	 a yellow building with white columns in the background . 	columns
32	 a yellow building with white columns in the background . 	the background
33	 two palm trees in front of the house . 	palm
33	 two palm trees in front of the house . 	trees
33	 two palm trees in front of the house . 	front
33	 two palm trees in front of the house . 	the house
35	 cars parked in front of the house . 	cars
35	 cars parked in front of the house . 	front
35	 cars parked in front of the house . 	the house
38	 a woman and a child are walking over the square . 	a woman
38	 a woman and a child are walking over the square . 	a child
38	 a woman and a child are walking over the square . 	the square
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	a large building
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	the left
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	a palm tree
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	picture
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	cars
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	the street
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	a junction
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	them
40	 a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight . 	others
42	 there are red umbrellas in a park on the right . 	umbrellas
42	 there are red umbrellas in a park on the right . 	a park
42	 there are red umbrellas in a park on the right . 	the right
45	 people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground . 	people
45	 people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground . 	the park
45	 people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground . 	others
45	 people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground . 	the road
45	 people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground . 	the foreground
47	 a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill . 	large statue
47	 a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill . 	spread
47	 a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill . 	arms
47	 a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill . 	a hill
48	 picture taken from behind . 	picture
48	 picture taken from behind . 	behind
49	 bushes and small trees on the hill . 	bushes
49	 bushes and small trees on the hill . 	trees
49	 bushes and small trees on the hill . 	the hill
51	 street leading up the hill . 	the hill
52	 there are white clouds in the blue sky . 	clouds
52	 there are white clouds in the blue sky . 	the blue sky
53	 view of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs . 	view
53	 view of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs . 	a city
53	 view of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs . 	trees
53	 view of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs . 	houses
53	 view of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs . 	roofs
54	 there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre . 	buildings
54	 there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre . 	a stadium
546	 a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle . 	a cascading waterfall
546	 a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle . 	the middle
546	 a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle . 	the jungle
55	 front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground . 	front view
55	 front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground . 	pool
55	 front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground . 	dirty water
55	 front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground . 	the foreground
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	a man
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	a red tee-shirt
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	a woman
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	a red bag
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	waterfalls
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	a lookout
56	 a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground . 	the foreground
57	 green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background . 	trees
57	 green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background . 	rocks
57	 green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background . 	sky
57	 green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background . 	the background
58	 view of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff . 	view
58	 view of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff . 	waterfalls
58	 view of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff . 	a u-shaped cliff
59	 white clouds in a blue sky in the background . 	a blue sky
59	 white clouds in a blue sky in the background . 	the background
60	 a long dam with high voltage pylons . 	a long dam
60	 a long dam with high voltage pylons . 	high voltage
61	 a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background . 	a blue sky
61	 a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background . 	white fleecy
61	 a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background . 	the background
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	rising street
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	houses
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	sides
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	them
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	a green house
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	balconies
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	a white car
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	front
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	it
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	a blue-and-white church
62	 a narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right . 	the right
63	 one car is going up the street . 	car
63	 one car is going up the street . 	the street
64	 there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background . 	people
64	 there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background . 	the street
64	 there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background . 	a large thundercloud
64	 there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background . 	the background
646	 two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides . 	light brown church
646	 two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides . 	towers
646	 two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides . 	pinnacles
646	 two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides . 	four sides
651	 the left tower with windows , the right tower also with a clock . 	tower
651	 the left tower with windows , the right tower also with a clock . 	windows
651	 the left tower with windows , the right tower also with a clock . 	the right tower
651	 the left tower with windows , the right tower also with a clock . 	a clock
652	 the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top . 	the artful central nave
652	 the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top . 	a bit
652	 the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top . 	a cross
652	 the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top . 	top
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	view
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	an old town
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	a city
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	buidings
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	two churches
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	alleys
655	 view of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade . 	the shade
656	 the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade . 	towers
656	 the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade . 	churches
656	 the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade . 	the sun
656	 the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade . 	the rest
656	 the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade . 	the shade
66	 a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade . 	blue church
66	 a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade . 	two towers
66	 a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade . 	the sun
66	 a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade . 	the rest
66	 a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade . 	the shade
661	 view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background . 	the side
661	 view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background . 	the old town
661	 view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background . 	a city
661	 view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background . 	the background
662	 against-the-light photograph of a beach at sunset . 	against-the-light photograph
662	 against-the-light photograph of a beach at sunset . 	a beach
663	 some clouds in the sky . 	the sky
664	 there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background . 	people
664	 there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background . 	the beach
664	 there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background . 	palm
664	 there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background . 	trees
664	 there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background . 	the background
668	 against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles . 	against-the-light photograph
668	 against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles . 	building
668	 against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles . 	arches
668	 against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles . 	columns
668	 against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles . 	a small tower
668	 against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles . 	pinnacles
669	 the paraguayan flag is waving on top of the building . 	the paraguayan flag
669	 the paraguayan flag is waving on top of the building . 	top
669	 the paraguayan flag is waving on top of the building . 	the building
671	 there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	palms
671	 there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	the foreground
671	 there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	a blue sky
671	 there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	the background
672	 steam ship in a lake , docked . 	steam ship
672	 steam ship in a lake , docked . 	a lake
674	 the flag of paraguay at the bow of the ship . 	the flag
674	 the flag of paraguay at the bow of the ship . 	paraguay
674	 the flag of paraguay at the bow of the ship . 	the bow
674	 the flag of paraguay at the bow of the ship . 	the ship
676	 a blue sky in the background . 	a blue sky
676	 a blue sky in the background . 	the background
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	building
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	columns
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	arches
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	the modern high-rise
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	buildings
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	a city
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	a blue sky
678	 a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background . 	the background
679	 a black steam engine with one wagon . 	a black steam engine
679	 a black steam engine with one wagon . 	wagon
682	 trees in the background . 	trees
682	 trees in the background . 	the background
683	 four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall . 	four locals
683	 four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall . 	a bench
683	 four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall . 	a canteen kitchen
683	 four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall . 	a red brick wall
684	 the three women are wearing skirts , wests and hats , one of them is holding a yellow plastic bag . 	three women
684	 the three women are wearing skirts , wests and hats , one of them is holding a yellow plastic bag . 	wests
684	 the three women are wearing skirts , wests and hats , one of them is holding a yellow plastic bag . 	hats
684	 the three women are wearing skirts , wests and hats , one of them is holding a yellow plastic bag . 	them
684	 the three women are wearing skirts , wests and hats , one of them is holding a yellow plastic bag . 	a yellow plastic bag
685	 the man is wearing trousers , a shirt and a cap . 	the man
685	 the man is wearing trousers , a shirt and a cap . 	trousers
685	 the man is wearing trousers , a shirt and a cap . 	a shirt
685	 the man is wearing trousers , a shirt and a cap . 	a cap
686	 against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right . 	against-the-light photograph
686	 against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right . 	a gate
686	 against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right . 	the shade
686	 against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right . 	towers
686	 against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right . 	left
686	 against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right . 	right
687	 there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	trees
687	 there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	the foreground
687	 there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	a blue sky
687	 there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background . 	the background
689	 well exposed front view of the cathedral in asuncion . 	front view
689	 well exposed front view of the cathedral in asuncion . 	asuncion
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	two towers
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	flags
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	arched entry
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	gates
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	large central ave
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	pinnacles
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	a cross
690	 two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top . 	top
692	 there is a clock on the right tower . 	a clock
692	 there is a clock on the right tower . 	the right tower
693	 streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners . 	streetlamps
693	 streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners . 	the middle gate
693	 streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners . 	corners
694	 bells visible in both towers . 	towers
696	 a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background . 	a fountain
696	 a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background . 	walkway
696	 a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background . 	the foreground
696	 a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background . 	white buidling
696	 a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background . 	arches
696	 a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background . 	the background
698	 trees on the right . 	trees
698	 trees on the right . 	the right
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	a white building
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	lots
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	columns
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	arches
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	a neat lawn
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	trees
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	bushes
700	 a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground . 	the foreground
702	 the flag of paraguay is waving at the top of the building . 	the flag
702	 the flag of paraguay is waving at the top of the building . 	paraguay
702	 the flag of paraguay is waving at the top of the building . 	the top
702	 the flag of paraguay is waving at the top of the building . 	the building
704	 there is a flower bed on the left . 	a flower bed
704	 there is a flower bed on the left . 	the left
705	 a very modern building . 	very modern building
708	 stairs are leading up to the entrance . 	stairs
708	 stairs are leading up to the entrance . 	the entrance
709	 the walls are entirely made of glass . 	walls
709	 the walls are entirely made of glass . 	glass
712	 one red huge column is supporting the big roof . 	red huge column
712	 one red huge column is supporting the big roof . 	the big roof
714	 rails in the foreground . 	the foreground
715	 a green tree on the left . 	a green tree
715	 a green tree on the left . 	the left
716	 two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left . 	lane street
716	 two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left . 	shops
716	 two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left . 	the right
716	 two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left . 	shops
716	 two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left . 	the left
717	 people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street . 	people
717	 people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street . 	the sidewalk
717	 people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street . 	the street
718	 cars are parked along the left side of the street as well . 	the left side
718	 cars are parked along the left side of the street as well . 	the street
719	 an avenue with seven yellow taxis lined up on the right side . 	an avenue
719	 an avenue with seven yellow taxis lined up on the right side . 	taxis
719	 an avenue with seven yellow taxis lined up on the right side . 	the right side
723	 some drivers are waiting for customers outside of their taxis . 	drivers
723	 some drivers are waiting for customers outside of their taxis . 	customers
723	 some drivers are waiting for customers outside of their taxis . 	taxis
725	 green trees behind them . 	trees
725	 green trees behind them . 	them
726	 a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground . 	pool
726	 a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground . 	sun
726	 a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground . 	a terrace
726	 a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground . 	the foreground
728	 a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background . 	a flat landscape
728	 a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background . 	trees
728	 a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background . 	houses
728	 a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background . 	the background
731	 several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground . 	flagpoles
731	 several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground . 	flags
731	 several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground . 	a green lawn
731	 several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground . 	the foreground
732	 a large grey and black building behind it . 	black building
732	 a large grey and black building behind it . 	it
736	 a huge column with a football on top on the left . 	a huge column
736	 a huge column with a football on top on the left . 	a football
736	 a huge column with a football on top on the left . 	top
736	 a huge column with a football on top on the left . 	the left
737	 a blue sky with white clouds in the background . 	a blue sky
737	 a blue sky with white clouds in the background . 	clouds
737	 a blue sky with white clouds in the background . 	the background
738	 front view of a huge dam . 	front view
738	 front view of a huge dam . 	a huge dam
739	 water is flowing through one tiny spot . 	tiny spot
742	 backwater is flowing off on the left . 	backwater
742	 backwater is flowing off on the left . 	the left
754	 green reed in the foreground . 	the foreground
767	 rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red t-shirt on a stage . 	singer
767	 rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red t-shirt on a stage . 	pants
767	 rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red t-shirt on a stage . 	t-shirt
767	 rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red t-shirt on a stage . 	a stage
768	 view from behind . 	view
768	 view from behind . 	behind
778	 crowd is cheering in the background . 	the background
779	 group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng . 	group
779	 group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng . 	tourists
779	 group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng . 	front
779	 group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng . 	a buildilng
780	 each of them is holding a leaflet und some pens . 	them
780	 each of them is holding a leaflet und some pens . 	a leaflet und
780	 each of them is holding a leaflet und some pens . 	pens
781	 three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box . 	three locals
781	 three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box . 	the middle
781	 three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box . 	people
781	 three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box . 	them
781	 three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box . 	a box
783	 traditional country house on the left . 	traditional country house
783	 traditional country house on the left . 	the left
784	 some rocks in the background . 	rocks
784	 some rocks in the background . 	the background
786	 a gravel road in the foreground . 	a gravel road
786	 a gravel road in the foreground . 	the foreground
788	 two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows . 	two adults
788	 two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows . 	boys
788	 two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows . 	front
788	 two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows . 	a white house
788	 two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows . 	windows
789	 three boys are standing , one is kneeing down . 	three boys
789	 three boys are standing , one is kneeing down . 	one
790	 adults are holding shoulders of boys . 	adults
790	 adults are holding shoulders of boys . 	shoulders
790	 adults are holding shoulders of boys . 	boys
791	 one boy is holding a sweeper . 	boy
791	 one boy is holding a sweeper . 	a sweeper
792	 nine children , some of them waving at the camera , others are a bit shy and are looking away . 	nine children
792	 nine children , some of them waving at the camera , others are a bit shy and are looking away . 	them
792	 nine children , some of them waving at the camera , others are a bit shy and are looking away . 	the camera
792	 nine children , some of them waving at the camera , others are a bit shy and are looking away . 	others
792	 nine children , some of them waving at the camera , others are a bit shy and are looking away . 	a bit
793	 one person is pointing to the camera . 	person
793	 one person is pointing to the camera . 	the camera
794	 construction site , bare brickwork . 	construction site
794	 construction site , bare brickwork . 	bare brickwork
795	 one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall . 	worker
795	 one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall . 	rails
795	 one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall . 	the other one
795	 one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall . 	an unfinished brick wall
796	 close up picture of the itaipu dam . 	picture
796	 close up picture of the itaipu dam . 	the itaipu dam
797	 backwater is flowing off in the foreground . 	backwater
797	 backwater is flowing off in the foreground . 	the foreground
798	 two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners . 	two men
798	 two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners . 	a lawn
798	 two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners . 	front
798	 two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners . 	a light brown house
798	 two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners . 	corners
799	 school kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange . 	school
799	 school kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange . 	kids
799	 school kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange . 	square
799	 school kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange . 	others
799	 school kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange . 	orange
800	 one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group . 	person
800	 one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group . 	orange
800	 one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group . 	the line
800	 one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group . 	the group
801	 two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background . 	houses
801	 two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background . 	them
801	 two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background . 	a steep hill
801	 two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background . 	the background
802	 a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard . 	a woman
802	 a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard . 	table
802	 a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard . 	the middle
802	 a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard . 	a schoolyard
803	 there are many books on the table . 	books
803	 there are many books on the table . 	the table
804	 two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table . 	two people
804	 two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table . 	her
804	 two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table . 	six others
804	 two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table . 	about ten metres
804	 two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table . 	the table
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	four boys
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	a cup
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	an army cap
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	the focus
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	a beanie
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	a jumper
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	the camera
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	a cap
805	 four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate . 	a wooden crate
806	 four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground . 	school
806	 four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground . 	kids
806	 four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground . 	the camera
806	 four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground . 	the foreground
807	 more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around . 	kids
807	 more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around . 	the background
807	 more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around . 	the school wall
807	 more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around . 	others
808	 young girl wearing a red trainer with blue and white sleeves is bending down to two old ladies . 	young girl
808	 young girl wearing a red trainer with blue and white sleeves is bending down to two old ladies . 	a red trainer
808	 young girl wearing a red trainer with blue and white sleeves is bending down to two old ladies . 	sleeves
808	 young girl wearing a red trainer with blue and white sleeves is bending down to two old ladies . 	ladies
809	 one of them is stroking the girl's face with her right hand . 	them
809	 one of them is stroking the girl's face with her right hand . 	the girl
809	 one of them is stroking the girl's face with her right hand . 	face
809	 one of them is stroking the girl's face with her right hand . 	right hand
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	five women
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	a kitchen
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	them
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	some food
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	them
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	one
810	 five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching . 	them
811	 santa claus in middle of excited kids . 	middle
811	 santa claus in middle of excited kids . 	kids
812	 a woman with a present in the background . 	a woman
812	 a woman with a present in the background . 	a present
812	 a woman with a present in the background . 	the background
813	 three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls . 	workers
813	 three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls . 	kids
813	 three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls . 	a room
813	 three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls . 	walls
815	 one of the workers is sitting and talking to the kids . 	workers
815	 one of the workers is sitting and talking to the kids . 	kids
818	 one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way . 	kid
818	 one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way . 	a bit
818	 one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way . 	a desk
818	 one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way . 	the other way
819	 two tourists , both of them wearing backpacks , are visiting a school with ten pupils . 	two tourists
819	 two tourists , both of them wearing backpacks , are visiting a school with ten pupils . 	them
819	 two tourists , both of them wearing backpacks , are visiting a school with ten pupils . 	backpacks
819	 two tourists , both of them wearing backpacks , are visiting a school with ten pupils . 	a school
819	 two tourists , both of them wearing backpacks , are visiting a school with ten pupils . 	ten pupils
821	 the woman is wearing brown shorts and a yellow sleveless top . 	the woman
821	 the woman is wearing brown shorts and a yellow sleveless top . 	shorts
821	 the woman is wearing brown shorts and a yellow sleveless top . 	a yellow sleveless top
822	 the man is wearing long black pants and a blue shirt . 	the man
822	 the man is wearing long black pants and a blue shirt . 	pants
822	 the man is wearing long black pants and a blue shirt . 	a blue shirt
823	 a school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple . 	a school kid
823	 a school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple . 	a desk
823	 a school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple . 	the camera
823	 a school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple . 	a red apple
824	 three other kids in the background . 	kids
824	 three other kids in the background . 	the background
825	 four tourists are sitting on a bus . 	four tourists
825	 four tourists are sitting on a bus . 	a bus
826	 two women in the front row with their heads turned around . 	two women
826	 two women in the front row with their heads turned around . 	the front row
826	 two women in the front row with their heads turned around . 	heads
827	 another one in the second row looking out the window . 	another one
827	 another one in the second row looking out the window . 	the second row
827	 another one in the second row looking out the window . 	the window
828	 and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too . 	man
828	 and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too . 	sunglasses
828	 and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too . 	very last row
828	 and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too . 	the window
829	 a tourist group is visiting a school . 	a tourist group
829	 a tourist group is visiting a school . 	a school
830	 the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well . 	the school
830	 the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well . 	kids
830	 the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well . 	desks
830	 the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well . 	a song
830	 the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well . 	hands
830	 the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well . 	teacher
831	 six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo . 	tourists
831	 six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo . 	them
831	 six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo . 	them
831	 six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo . 	tourist
831	 six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo . 	a photo
832	 three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall . 	three women
832	 three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall . 	a wooden bench
832	 three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall . 	front
832	 three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall . 	red brick wall
833	 they are all wearing skirts and jumpers with gilets . 	they
833	 they are all wearing skirts and jumpers with gilets . 	jumpers
833	 they are all wearing skirts and jumpers with gilets . 	gilets
834	 two of them are wearing a hat too . 	them
834	 two of them are wearing a hat too . 	a hat
835	 one man is standing behind the wall . 	man
835	 one man is standing behind the wall . 	the wall
836	 a wooden door on the left is being held open by a red brick . 	a wooden door
836	 a wooden door on the left is being held open by a red brick . 	the left
836	 a wooden door on the left is being held open by a red brick . 	a red brick
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	photo
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	a classroom
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	kids
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	desks
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	others
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	desks
837	 photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing . 	the camera
838	 two kids are eating their lunch in the foreground . 	two kids
838	 two kids are eating their lunch in the foreground . 	lunch
838	 two kids are eating their lunch in the foreground . 	the foreground
841	 there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background . 	a wooden wall
841	 there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background . 	pictures
841	 there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background . 	figures
841	 there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background . 	the background
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	black plastic bag
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	four packs
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	pasta
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	a folder
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	a leaflet
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	a small book
842	 a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table . 	a table
843	 there is a second , empty table in the background . 	empty table
843	 there is a second , empty table in the background . 	the background
844	 six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars . 	six kids
844	 six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars . 	a table
844	 six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars . 	toy
844	 six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars . 	cars
845	 one kid is standing next to the table . 	kid
845	 one kid is standing next to the table . 	the table
846	 a woman is holding a black plastic bag on the left . 	a woman
846	 a woman is holding a black plastic bag on the left . 	a black plastic bag
846	 a woman is holding a black plastic bag on the left . 	the left
847	 three tourists in the background are talking to each other . 	three tourists
847	 three tourists in the background are talking to each other . 	the background
848	 panorama view of houses in la paz . 	view
848	 panorama view of houses in la paz . 	houses
849	 red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background . 	houses
849	 red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background . 	the foreground
849	 red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background . 	a hill
849	 red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background . 	rocks
849	 red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background . 	the background
850	 photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them . 	photo
850	 photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them . 	school
850	 photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them . 	kids
850	 photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them . 	three tourists
850	 photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them . 	them
851	 a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket . 	a basketball court
851	 a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket . 	the background
851	 a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket . 	kid
851	 a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket . 	the basket
852	 a large mountain in the distant background . 	a large mountain
852	 a large mountain in the distant background . 	the distant background
853	 lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building . 	lots
853	 lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building . 	locals
853	 lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building . 	kids
853	 lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building . 	adults
853	 lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building . 	front
853	 lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building . 	a blue building
854	 one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it . 	kid
854	 one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it . 	the slide
854	 one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it . 	one
854	 one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it . 	it
855	 another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand . 	another woman
855	 another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand . 	a basket
855	 another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand . 	left hand
855	 another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand . 	a kid
855	 another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand . 	other hand
856	 others are just sitting around or are standing in the background . 	others
856	 others are just sitting around or are standing in the background . 	the background
857	 there are snow covered mountains in the distant background . 	snow
857	 there are snow covered mountains in the distant background . 	mountains
857	 there are snow covered mountains in the distant background . 	the distant background
858	 there are two social workers in the foreground . 	workers
858	 there are two social workers in the foreground . 	the foreground
859	 one wearing a red pullover and brown pants is bending over to access the blue paint . 	a red pullover
859	 one wearing a red pullover and brown pants is bending over to access the blue paint . 	pants
859	 one wearing a red pullover and brown pants is bending over to access the blue paint . 	the blue paint
861	 the other one in a red tee-shirt and black jeans is watching her . 	the other one
861	 the other one in a red tee-shirt and black jeans is watching her . 	a red tee-shirt
861	 the other one in a red tee-shirt and black jeans is watching her . 	jeans
861	 the other one in a red tee-shirt and black jeans is watching her . 	her
862	 at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting . 	the back
862	 at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting . 	the room
862	 at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting . 	another worker
862	 at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting . 	a white tee-shirt
862	 at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting . 	jeans
862	 at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting . 	acutally painting
863	 there are many newspapers on the ground to protect the kindergarten floor . 	newspapers
863	 there are many newspapers on the ground to protect the kindergarten floor . 	the ground
863	 there are many newspapers on the ground to protect the kindergarten floor . 	the kindergarten floor
864	 all three workers are wearing a mask . 	three workers
864	 all three workers are wearing a mask . 	a mask
865	 portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background . 	portrait
865	 portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background . 	girls
865	 portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background . 	a mountain
865	 portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background . 	the background
868	 a man is carrying a heavy rice bag . 	a man
868	 a man is carrying a heavy rice bag . 	a heavy rice bag
869	 a car on the left , another man on the right . 	a car
869	 a car on the left , another man on the right . 	the left
869	 a car on the left , another man on the right . 	another man
869	 a car on the left , another man on the right . 	the right
871	 a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background . 	a street
871	 a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background . 	them
871	 a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background . 	houses
871	 a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background . 	a hill
871	 a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background . 	the background
872	 six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school . 	six tourists
872	 six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school . 	front
872	 six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school . 	blackboard
872	 six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school . 	a primary school
873	 one tourist is taking a photo . 	tourist
873	 one tourist is taking a photo . 	a photo
875	 local kids are sitting at their desks , singing and clapping . 	kids
875	 local kids are sitting at their desks , singing and clapping . 	desks
879	 one kid has just opened one book . 	kid
879	 one kid has just opened one book . 	book
885	 there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background . 	posters
885	 there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background . 	pictures
885	 there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background . 	the wall
885	 there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background . 	the background
892	 a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings . 	a little red wooden desk
892	 a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings . 	chairs
892	 a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings . 	front
892	 a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings . 	a green wall
892	 a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings . 	children
892	 a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings . 	paintings
893	 an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room . 	cupboard
893	 an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room . 	lots
893	 an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room . 	drawers
893	 an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room . 	a corner
893	 an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room . 	the back
893	 an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room . 	the room
894	 volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten . 	volunteer
894	 volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten . 	workers
894	 volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten . 	the construction
894	 volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten . 	a kindergarten
895	 four volunteers are squatting down and are trying to prise the ground with hammer and chisel . 	four volunteers
895	 four volunteers are squatting down and are trying to prise the ground with hammer and chisel . 	the ground
896	 movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background . 	walls
896	 movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background . 	the wall
896	 movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background . 	the background
897	 tourists are posing in a room , ten of them are standing , one is squatting . 	tourists
897	 tourists are posing in a room , ten of them are standing , one is squatting . 	a room
897	 tourists are posing in a room , ten of them are standing , one is squatting . 	them
899	 one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls . 	kid
899	 one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls . 	them
899	 one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls . 	kids
899	 one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls . 	a table
900	 there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists . 	posters
900	 there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists . 	pictures
900	 there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists . 	the wall
900	 there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists . 	tourists
901	 pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom . 	pupils
901	 pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom . 	desks
901	 pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom . 	an open air classroom
904	 two of them raising their hands , others smiling . 	them
904	 two of them raising their hands , others smiling . 	hands
904	 two of them raising their hands , others smiling . 	others
905	 three are wearing a green hat . 	a green hat
906	 red brick wall and windows in the background . 	red brick wall
906	 red brick wall and windows in the background . 	windows
906	 red brick wall and windows in the background . 	the background
907	 seven tourists are visiting a classroom . 	seven tourists
907	 seven tourists are visiting a classroom . 	a classroom
908	 children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) . 	children
908	 children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) . 	tables
908	 children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) . 	them
908	 children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) . 	a green hat
908	 children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) . 	two kids
909	 tourists are smiling at the kids . 	tourists
909	 tourists are smiling at the kids . 	kids
910	 there are posters and maps on the wall in the background . 	posters
910	 there are posters and maps on the wall in the background . 	maps
910	 there are posters and maps on the wall in the background . 	the wall
910	 there are posters and maps on the wall in the background . 	the background
912	 tourists are visiting an old people's home . 	tourists
912	 tourists are visiting an old people's home . 	people
912	 tourists are visiting an old people's home . 	home
914	 each tourist is leading one old lady , arm in arm . 	each tourist
914	 each tourist is leading one old lady , arm in arm . 	old lady
914	 each tourist is leading one old lady , arm in arm . 	arm
914	 each tourist is leading one old lady , arm in arm . 	arm
915	 the old ladies are wearing traditional dresses and a hat . 	ladies
915	 the old ladies are wearing traditional dresses and a hat . 	dresses
915	 the old ladies are wearing traditional dresses and a hat . 	a hat
916	 the room is decorated with balloons . 	the room
916	 the room is decorated with balloons . 	balloons
917	 there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon . 	a picture
917	 there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon . 	the wall
917	 there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon . 	the background
917	 there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon . 	also an old lady
917	 there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon . 	a green balloon
918	 a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it . 	house
918	 a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it . 	the wreckage
918	 a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it . 	front
918	 a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it . 	it
919	 three ordinary a bit elevated houses in the background . 	a bit
919	 three ordinary a bit elevated houses in the background . 	houses
919	 three ordinary a bit elevated houses in the background . 	the background
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	six pupils
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	a round table
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	chairs
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	them
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	a fruit
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	a hat
921	 six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) . 	kid
922	 pictures and comics on the wall behind them . 	pictures
922	 pictures and comics on the wall behind them . 	comics
922	 pictures and comics on the wall behind them . 	the wall
922	 pictures and comics on the wall behind them . 	them
923	 car tyres in the background on the right . 	car
923	 car tyres in the background on the right . 	tyres
923	 car tyres in the background on the right . 	the background
923	 car tyres in the background on the right . 	the right
924	 a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill . 	a teacher
924	 a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill . 	around 50 pupils
924	 a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill . 	the slope
924	 a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill . 	a hill
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	half
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	kids
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	orange
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	them
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	a hat
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	a beanie
925	 half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap . 	a cap
926	 small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill . 	bushes
926	 small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill . 	two trees
926	 small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill . 	the top
926	 small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill . 	the hill
927	 a lake in the background . 	a lake
927	 a lake in the background . 	the background
928	 school kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front . 	school
928	 school kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front . 	kids
928	 school kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front . 	the camera
928	 school kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front . 	a football-like setup
928	 school kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front . 	the back
928	 school kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front . 	the front
929	 each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera . 	them
929	 each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera . 	a fruit
929	 each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera . 	hands
929	 each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera . 	them
929	 each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera . 	the camera
930	 a blackboard in the background . 	a blackboard
930	 a blackboard in the background . 	the background
931	 one kid in the centre of the front row is holding a teddy . 	kid
931	 one kid in the centre of the front row is holding a teddy . 	the front row
932	 classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats . 	classroom
932	 classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats . 	the pupil
932	 classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats . 	theirs desk
932	 classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats . 	hats
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	girl
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	desk
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	another one
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	desk
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	boys
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	a picture
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	mouse
933	 one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of minnie mouse on the wall . 	the wall
934	 shelves and posters in the background . 	shelves
934	 shelves and posters in the background . 	posters
934	 shelves and posters in the background . 	the background
935	 children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row . 	children
935	 children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row . 	desks
935	 children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row . 	a tourist
935	 children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row . 	the last row
936	 three children are standing on the left , looking at a map of peru . 	three children
936	 three children are standing on the left , looking at a map of peru . 	the left
936	 three children are standing on the left , looking at a map of peru . 	a map
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	two posters
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	the wall
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	the back
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	a bookshelf
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	a lot
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	boxes
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	folders
937	 there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left . 	the left
938	 one boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him . 	boy
938	 one boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him . 	a white box
938	 one boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him . 	a present
938	 one boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him . 	the volunteer kneeing
938	 one boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him . 	front
938	 one boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him . 	him
939	 several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else . 	kids
939	 several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else . 	him
939	 several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else . 	the box
939	 several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else . 	the boy
939	 several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else . 	himself
941	 one kid in the foreground is wearing a green hat . 	kid
941	 one kid in the foreground is wearing a green hat . 	the foreground
941	 one kid in the foreground is wearing a green hat . 	a green hat
942	 there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background . 	round
942	 there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background . 	tables
942	 there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background . 	desks
942	 there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background . 	the background
943	 a volunteer , squatting down and browsing through a school book . 	a volunteer
943	 a volunteer , squatting down and browsing through a school book . 	a school book
944	 school children around her , looking at the book too . 	school
944	 school children around her , looking at the book too . 	children
944	 school children around her , looking at the book too . 	her
944	 school children around her , looking at the book too . 	the book
947	 in the background there is a table with school equipment on it . 	the background
947	 in the background there is a table with school equipment on it . 	a table
947	 in the background there is a table with school equipment on it . 	school equipment
947	 in the background there is a table with school equipment on it . 	it
948	 the kid in the foreground is holding a pencil . 	the kid
948	 the kid in the foreground is holding a pencil . 	the foreground
948	 the kid in the foreground is holding a pencil . 	a pencil
949	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks . 	tourists
949	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks . 	front
949	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks . 	the blackboard
949	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks . 	a classroom
949	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks . 	kids
949	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks . 	desks
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	a clock
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the blackboard
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	letters dios
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	amor
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the clock
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the blackboard
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	higiene
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	es
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the side wall
950	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	windows
951	 a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back . 	a boy
951	 a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back . 	a green jacket
951	 a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back . 	a red cap
951	 a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back . 	a little girl
951	 a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back . 	back
952	 children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher . 	children
952	 children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher . 	desks
952	 children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher . 	a song
952	 children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher . 	teacher
953	 there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom . 	a large window
953	 there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom . 	a blackboard
953	 there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom . 	a shelf
953	 there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom . 	the back
953	 there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom . 	the classroom
955	 there is a wall on the left with a map of peru , a poster and minnie mouse on it . 	a wall
955	 there is a wall on the left with a map of peru , a poster and minnie mouse on it . 	the left
955	 there is a wall on the left with a map of peru , a poster and minnie mouse on it . 	a map
955	 there is a wall on the left with a map of peru , a poster and minnie mouse on it . 	a poster
955	 there is a wall on the left with a map of peru , a poster and minnie mouse on it . 	mouse
955	 there is a wall on the left with a map of peru , a poster and minnie mouse on it . 	it
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	close-up photo
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	a building
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	a blue front
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	doors
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	bricks
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	windows
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	wires
957	 close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof . 	the roof
958	 a few pupils are in front of the building . 	pupils
958	 a few pupils are in front of the building . 	front
958	 a few pupils are in front of the building . 	the building
959	 view of a city in a valley . 	view
959	 view of a city in a valley . 	a city
959	 view of a city in a valley . 	a valley
960	 bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground . 	bushes
960	 bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground . 	houses
960	 bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground . 	roofs
960	 bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground . 	the foreground
961	 an overcast sky in the background . 	sky
961	 an overcast sky in the background . 	the background
962	 tourists are standing at the entrance of classroom . 	tourists
962	 tourists are standing at the entrance of classroom . 	the entrance
962	 tourists are standing at the entrance of classroom . 	classroom
963	 all of them are carrying backpacks . 	them
963	 all of them are carrying backpacks . 	backpacks
965	 one female tourist is carrying a huge bunch of balloons . 	female tourist
965	 one female tourist is carrying a huge bunch of balloons . 	a huge bunch
965	 one female tourist is carrying a huge bunch of balloons . 	balloons
966	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom . 	tourists
966	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom . 	front
966	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom . 	the blackboard
966	 tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom . 	a classroom
967	 all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera . 	kids
967	 all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera . 	desks
967	 all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera . 	them
967	 all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera . 	the camera
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	a clock
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the blackboard
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	letters dios
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	amor
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the clock
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the blackboard
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	higiene
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	es
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	the side wall
969	 there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows . 	windows
970	 many people are working on the bare brickwork of a house or are watching the workers from below . 	people
970	 many people are working on the bare brickwork of a house or are watching the workers from below . 	the bare brickwork
970	 many people are working on the bare brickwork of a house or are watching the workers from below . 	a house
970	 many people are working on the bare brickwork of a house or are watching the workers from below . 	workers
971	 many wires are sticking out of the bare brickwork . 	wires
971	 many wires are sticking out of the bare brickwork . 	the bare brickwork
991	 one person is climbing up a ladder . 	person
991	 one person is climbing up a ladder . 	a ladder
992	 many pallets are lying piled up in front of the house . 	pallets
992	 many pallets are lying piled up in front of the house . 	front
992	 many pallets are lying piled up in front of the house . 	the house
993	 excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom . 	kids
993	 excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom . 	desks
993	 excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom . 	a classroom
994	 some of them seem to be very happy and are laughing . 	them
995	 there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back . 	pictures
995	 there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back . 	trees
995	 there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back . 	the wall
995	 there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back . 	the back
996	 two girls have an open book on their desk . 	two girls
996	 two girls have an open book on their desk . 	an open book
996	 two girls have an open book on their desk . 	desk
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	a house
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	a pink roof
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	white tower
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	three levels
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	them
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	a window
997	 a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side . 	each side
998	 one block in the front with three windows and the writing casa parroquial - amor de dios . 	block
998	 one block in the front with three windows and the writing casa parroquial - amor de dios . 	the front
998	 one block in the front with three windows and the writing casa parroquial - amor de dios . 	three windows
998	 one block in the front with three windows and the writing casa parroquial - amor de dios . 	the writing
998	 one block in the front with three windows and the writing casa parroquial - amor de dios . 	dios
999	 another house with a green and yellow and red roof in the background . 	another house
999	 another house with a green and yellow and red roof in the background . 	red roof
999	 another house with a green and yellow and red roof in the background . 	the background
1000	 tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard . 	tourists
1000	 tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard . 	the classroom
1000	 tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard . 	a school
1000	 tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard . 	front
1000	 tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard . 	the blackboard
1001	 there is a clock and the writing dios es amor above the blackboard . 	a clock
1001	 there is a clock and the writing dios es amor above the blackboard . 	the writing
1001	 there is a clock and the writing dios es amor above the blackboard . 	dios
1001	 there is a clock and the writing dios es amor above the blackboard . 	amor
1001	 there is a clock and the writing dios es amor above the blackboard . 	the blackboard
1003	 tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food . 	tourists
1003	 tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food . 	a wet sidewalk
1003	 tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food . 	bags
1003	 tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food . 	food
1004	 people are wearing rain coats and jackets . 	people
1004	 people are wearing rain coats and jackets . 	rain
1004	 people are wearing rain coats and jackets . 	coats
1004	 people are wearing rain coats and jackets . 	jackets
1005	 a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them . 	a house
1005	 a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them . 	brick
1005	 a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them . 	walls
1005	 a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them . 	garage
1005	 a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them . 	doors
1005	 a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them . 	them
1006	 a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts . 	a group picture
1006	 a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts . 	people
1006	 a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts . 	orange
1006	 a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts . 	hats
1006	 a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts . 	orange sleeveless
1006	 a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts . 	shirts
1007	 school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square . 	school
1007	 school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square . 	kids
1007	 school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square . 	a picture
1007	 school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square . 	square
1008	 one tourist is holding one kid in the background . 	tourist
1008	 one tourist is holding one kid in the background . 	kid
1008	 one tourist is holding one kid in the background . 	the background
1009	 some kids standing in front of the kids posing . 	kids
1009	 some kids standing in front of the kids posing . 	front
1009	 some kids standing in front of the kids posing . 	kids
1010	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white and blue jumper with a red collar . 	portrait
1010	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white and blue jumper with a red collar . 	dark-haired boy
1010	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white and blue jumper with a red collar . 	blue jumper
1010	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white and blue jumper with a red collar . 	a red collar
1011	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom . 	dark-haired boy
1011	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom . 	a blue tee-shirt
1011	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom . 	sleeve green
1011	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom . 	a classroom
1015	 a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) . 	a teacher
1015	 a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) . 	kids
1015	 a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) . 	the background
1015	 a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) . 	also a large window
1015	 a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) . 	thus the picture
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	portrait
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	dark-haired girl
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	a light blue tee-shirt
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	three pictures
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	people
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	flag
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	the shape
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	a heart
1026	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a usa flag in the shape of a heart on it . 	it
1029	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	portrait
1029	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	dark-haired girl
1029	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	a yellow blouse
1029	 portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	a blue collar
1030	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor . 	dark-haired girl
1030	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor . 	a blue jumper
1030	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor . 	pants
1030	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor . 	the floor
1033	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt . 	dark-haired girl
1033	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt . 	a white tee-shirt
1037	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground . 	dark-haired girl
1037	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground . 	a white tee-shirt
1037	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground . 	edges
1037	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground . 	pants
1037	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground . 	the ground
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	dark-haired girl
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	a white jumper
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	paintings
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	dogs
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	bones
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	dogprints
1039	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts . 	shorts
1040	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk . 	dark-haired boy
1040	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk . 	a red tee-shirt
1040	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk . 	sleeves
1040	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk . 	a school desk
1041	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door . 	dark-haired boy
1041	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door . 	a blue pullover
1041	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door . 	front
1041	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door . 	a brown door
1049	 a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear . 	dark-skinned girl
1049	 a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear . 	a red couch
1049	 a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear . 	a pink pullover
1049	 a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear . 	a little bear
1053	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover . 	dark-haired boy
1053	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover . 	school desk
1053	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover . 	a light blue shirt
1053	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover . 	a dark blue pullover
1056	 a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown hat , a light shirt below a pink shirt and a dark green vest . 	a dark-skinned girl
1056	 a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown hat , a light shirt below a pink shirt and a dark green vest . 	a brown hat
1056	 a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown hat , a light shirt below a pink shirt and a dark green vest . 	a light shirt
1056	 a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown hat , a light shirt below a pink shirt and a dark green vest . 	a pink shirt
1056	 a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown hat , a light shirt below a pink shirt and a dark green vest . 	a dark green vest
1060	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	dark-haired girl
1060	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	a yellow blouse
1060	 a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a yellow blouse with a blue collar . 	a blue collar
