112	About 20 kids 	About 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs .
112	a house	a house and a green wall with gate in the background .
112	a green wall	a house and a green wall with gate in the background .
112	a sign	a sign saying that plants can't be picked up on the right .
116	a rock hole	a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand .
116	the other one	one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him .
25	a yellow building	a yellow building with white columns in the background .
25	two palm trees	two palm trees in front of the house .
25	cars	cars parked in front of the house .
25	a woman	a woman and a child are walking over the square .
25	a child	a woman and a child are walking over the square .
26	a large building	a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
26	a palm tree	a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
26	white cars	a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
26	red umbrellas	there are red umbrellas in a park on the right .
26	people	people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
26	others	people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
26	road	people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
28	a white , large statue	a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill .
28	bushes	bushes and small trees on the hill .
28	small trees	bushes and small trees on the hill .
28	street	street leading up the hill .
28	white clouds	there are white clouds in the blue sky .
32	high-rise buildings	there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre .
32	a stadium	there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre .
33	a cascading waterfall	a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle .
33	pool	front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground .
35	a man	a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
35	a woman	a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
35	a lookout	a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
35	green trees	green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background .
35	black rocks	green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background .
35	a grey sky	green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background .
38	giant , thunderous waterfalls	View of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff .
38	white clouds	white clouds in a blue sky in the background .
38	sky	white clouds in a blue sky in the background .
40	a blue sky	a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background .
42	A narrow , rising street	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	a green house	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	a white car	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	a blue-and-white church	A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
42	one car	one car is going up the street .
42	a few people	there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background .
42	a large thundercloud	there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background .
45	church towers with pinnacles	two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides .
45	a cross	the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top .
47	alleys	View of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade .
47	the towers	the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade .
47	rest	the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade .
48	the two towers	a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade .
48	the rest	a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade .
48	the old town	view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background .
49	some clouds	some clouds in the sky .
49	people	there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background .
49	palm trees	there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background .
51	the Paraguayan flag	the Paraguayan flag is waving on top of the building .
51	dark palms	there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
51	blue sky	there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
52	steam ship	steam ship in a lake , docked .
52	the flag	the flag of Paraguay at the bow of the ship .
52	a blue sky	a blue sky in the background .
53	a blue sky	a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background .
54	trees	trees in the background .
546	Four locals	Four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall .
546	a bench	Four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall .
55	a gate	Against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right .
55	towers	Against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right .
55	dark trees	there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
55	a blue sky	there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
56	the cathedral	well exposed front view of the cathedral in Asuncion .
56	a cross	two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top .
56	a clock	there is a clock on the right tower .
56	streetlamps	streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners .
56	bells	bells visible in both towers .
57	a fountain	a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background .
57	cobbled walkway	a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background .
57	buidling	a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background .
57	trees	trees on the right .
58	a white building	a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground .
58	a neat lawn	a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground .
58	trees	a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground .
58	bushes	a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground .
58	the flag	the flag of Paraguay is waving at the top of the building .
58	a flower bed	there is a flower bed on the left .
59	stairs	stairs are leading up to the entrance .
59	huge column	one red huge column is supporting the big roof .
59	rails	rails in the foreground .
59	a green tree	a green tree on the left .
60	large shops	two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left .
60	smaller shops	two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left .
60	people	people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street .
60	cars	cars are parked along the left side of the street as well .
61	yellow taxis	an avenue with seven yellow taxis lined up on the right side .
61	some drivers	some drivers are waiting for customers outside of their taxis .
61	green trees	green trees behind them .
62	a swimming pool	a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground .
62	sun chairs	a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground .
62	a terrace	a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground .
62	a flat landscape	a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background .
62	houses	a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background .
63	Several flagpoles	Several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground .
63	a green lawn	Several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground .
63	a large grey and black building	a large grey and black building behind it .
63	a football	a huge column with a football on top on the left .
63	column	a huge column with a football on top on the left .
63	a blue sky	a blue sky with white clouds in the background .
64	water	water is flowing through one tiny spot .
64	backwater	backwater is flowing off on the left .
64	green reed	green reed in the foreground .
646	Rock singer	Rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red T-shirt on a stage .
646	crowd	crowd is cheering in the background .
651	Group of tourists	Group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng .
651	three locals	three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box .
651	country house	traditional country house on the left .
651	some rocks	some rocks in the background .
651	a gravel road	a gravel road in the foreground .
652	Two adults	Two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows .
652	four local boys	Two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows .
656	one worker	one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall .
656	the other one	one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall .
66	backwater	backwater is flowing off in the foreground .
661	two men	two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners .
661	a lawn	two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners .
662	School kids	School kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange .
662	one person	one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group .
662	two light blue houses	two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background .
662	steep hill	two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background .
663	a woman	a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard .
663	table	a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard .
663	many books	there are many books on the table .
663	two people	two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table .
663	six others	two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table .
664	the one	four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate .
668	four school kids	four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground .
668	more kids	more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around .
668	some	more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around .
668	others	more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around .
671	five women	five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
671	two	five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
671	one	five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
672	Santa Claus	Santa Claus in middle of excited kids .
672	a woman	a woman with a present in the background .
674	Three social workers	Three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls .
674	ten local kids	Three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls .
674	one kid	one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way .
678	A school kid	A school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple .
678	three other kids	three other kids in the background .
679	Four tourists	Four tourists are sitting on a bus .
679	two women	two women in the front row with their heads turned around .
679	another one	another one in the second row looking out the window .
679	one man	and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too .
682	the school kids	the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well .
682	the tourists	six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo .
683	Three women	Three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall .
683	a wooden bench	Three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall .
683	one man	one man is standing behind the wall .
683	a wooden door	a wooden door on the left is being held open by a red brick .
684	some kids	photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing .
684	others	photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing .
684	two kids	two kids are eating their lunch in the foreground .
684	wooden wall	there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background .
685	plastic bag	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	four packs of pasta	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	a folder	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	a small book	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	cacao powder	a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
685	empty table	there is a second , empty table in the background .
686	six kids	six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars .
686	one kid	one kid is standing next to the table .
686	plastic bag	a woman is holding a black plastic bag on the left .
686	three tourists	three tourists in the background are talking to each other .
687	houses	panorama view of houses in La Paz .
687	red roofed houses	red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background .
687	a hill	red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background .
687	rugged rocks	red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background .
689	three tourists	photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them .
689	a basketball court	a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket .
689	one kid	a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket .
689	a large mountain	a large mountain in the distant background .
689	background	a large mountain in the distant background .
690	Lots of locals	Lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building .
690	one kid	one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it .
690	a basket	another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand .
690	others	others are just sitting around or are standing in the background .
690	snow covered mountains	there are snow covered mountains in the distant background .
690	background	there are snow covered mountains in the distant background .
692	two social workers	there are two social workers in the foreground .
692	another worker	at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting .
692	many newspapers	there are many newspapers on the ground to protect the kindergarten floor .
693	a mountain	portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background .
694	a car	a car on the left , another man on the right .
694	another man	a car on the left , another man on the right .
694	a street	a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
694	some houses	a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
694	a hill	a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
696	Six tourists	Six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school .
696	blackboard	Six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school .
696	local kids	local kids are sitting at their desks , singing and clapping .
696	posters	there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background .
696	pictures	there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background .
696	the wall	there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background .
698	wooden desk	a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings .
698	two red and two blue chairs	a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings .
698	a green wall	a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings .
698	drawers	an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room .
700	the construction	volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten .
700	wooden walls	movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background .
700	the wall	movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background .
702	tourists	tourists are posing in a room , ten of them are standing , one is squatting .
702	other kids	one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls .
702	posters	there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists .
702	pictures	there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists .
702	the wall	there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists .
704	Pupils	Pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom .
704	wooden desks	Pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom .
704	red brick wall	red brick wall and windows in the background .
704	windows	red brick wall and windows in the background .
705	children	children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) .
705	posters	there are posters and maps on the wall in the background .
705	maps	there are posters and maps on the wall in the background .
705	the wall	there are posters and maps on the wall in the background .
708	a picture	there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon .
708	the wall	there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon .
708	an old lady	there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon .
709	the wreckage	a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it .
709	elevated houses	three ordinary a bit elevated houses in the background .
712	Six pupils	Six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine ? ) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) .
712	pictures	pictures and comics on the wall behind them .
712	comics	pictures and comics on the wall behind them .
712	the wall	pictures and comics on the wall behind them .
712	car tyres	car tyres in the background on the right .
714	a teacher	a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill .
714	50 pupils	a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill .
714	small bushes	small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill .
714	two trees	small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill .
714	a lake	a lake in the background .
715	nine	School kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front .
715	ten	School kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front .
715	a fruit	each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera .
715	a blackboard	a blackboard in the background .
715	one kid	one kid in the centre of the front row is holding a teddy .
716	the pupil	classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats .
716	one girl	one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
716	another one	one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
716	a picture	one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
716	shelves	shelves and posters in the background .
716	posters	shelves and posters in the background .
717	children	children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row .
717	a tourist	children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row .
717	three children	three children are standing on the left , looking at a map of Peru .
717	two posters	there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left .
717	the wall	there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left .
717	a bookshelf	there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left .
718	the volunteer	One boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him .
718	several kids	several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else .
718	one kid	one kid in the foreground is wearing a green hat .
718	round tables	there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background .
718	wooden desks	there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background .
719	school children	school children around her , looking at the book too .
719	a table	in the background there is a table with school equipment on it .
719	school equipment	in the background there is a table with school equipment on it .
719	the kid	the kid in the foreground is holding a pencil .
723	tourists	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
723	the blackboard	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
723	the kids	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
723	a clock	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
723	the letters	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
723	the side wall	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
725	a little girl	a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back .
726	Children	Children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher .
726	a large window	there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom .
726	a blackboard	there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom .
726	a shelf	there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom .
726	a wall	there is a wall on the left with a map of Peru , a poster and Minnie Mouse on it .
726	a poster	there is a wall on the left with a map of Peru , a poster and Minnie Mouse on it .
726	Minnie Mouse	there is a wall on the left with a map of Peru , a poster and Minnie Mouse on it .
728	brown bricks	Close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof .
728	the wires	Close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof .
728	a few pupils	a few pupils are in front of the building .
731	a city	View of a city in a valley .
731	bushes	bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground .
731	houses	bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground .
731	roofs	bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground .
731	an overcast sky	an overcast sky in the background .
732	tourists	tourists are standing at the entrance of classroom .
736	tourists	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom .
736	the blackboard	tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom .
736	the kids	all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera .
736	a clock	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
736	the letters	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
736	the side wall	there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
737	the workers	many people are working on the bare brickwork of a house or are watching the workers from below .
737	many wires	many wires are sticking out of the bare brickwork .
737	one person	one person is climbing up a ladder .
737	many pallets	many pallets are lying piled up in front of the house .
738	Excited kids	Excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom .
738	their desks	Excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom .
738	pictures	there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back .
738	the wall	there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back .
738	an open book	two girls have an open book on their desk .
739	a window	a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side .
739	one block	one block in the front with three windows and the writing Casa Parroquial - Amor de Dios .
739	another house	another house with a green and yellow and red roof in the background .
742	tourists	tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard .
742	a clock	there is a clock and the writing Dios es Amor above the blackboard .
742	the writing	there is a clock and the writing Dios es Amor above the blackboard .
754	Tourists	Tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food .
754	doors	a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them .
768	school kids	school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square .
768	one tourist	one tourist is holding one kid in the background .
768	some kids	some kids standing in front of the kids posing .
779	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom .
779	a teacher	a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) .
779	other kids	a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) .
779	a large window	a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) .
780	three pictures	portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a USA flag in the shape of a heart on it .
780	a USA flag	portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a USA flag in the shape of a heart on it .
783	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor .
786	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground .
789	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk .
790	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door .
791	dark-skinned girl	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear .
792	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover .
794	handprints	handprints on the wall behind her .
794	the wall	handprints on the wall behind her .
796	a dark-haired baby	a dark-haired baby in the arms of a woman .
796	handprints	handprints on the wall in the background .
796	the wall	handprints on the wall in the background .
797	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white shirt is standing in front of red brick wall .
799	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl , wearing a skirt and a dark vest , is standing in front of a house .
799	a white bucket	there is a white bucket in the background .
800	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a light brown jumper with orange edges is standing in front of a desk .
800	pictures	pictures on a wooden wall in the background .
800	wall	pictures on a wooden wall in the background .
802	handprints	handprints on the wall behind her .
802	the wall	handprints on the wall behind her .
803	index finger	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white shirt and a green tee-shirt , putting his index finger of his left hand in his mouth .
803	school kids	other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
803	their tables	other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
803	a blackboard	other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
804	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a coloured shirt is standing in front of a blue wall .
806	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a dark blue jumper and a light blue skirt is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
806	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a dark blue jumper and a light blue skirt is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
808	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue jumper with a yellow collar is standing in front of a brown door .
809	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a pink pullover is sitting on green bench .
809	colourful handprints	colourful handprints on the wall behind her .
809	the wall	colourful handprints on the wall behind her .
810	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue pullover is sitting on a green bench .
810	colourful handprints	colourful handprints on the wall behind him .
810	the wall	colourful handprints on the wall behind him .
811	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl is sitting at a desk and wearing a white pullover with an emblem .
812	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey T-Shirt is standing in a classroom .
812	a wall	a wall made of red bricks in the background .
813	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in dark vest is standing in front of a wall made of rocks .
815	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt and red pants is standing in front of grey brick wall .
817	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue-and-yellow jumper is sitting outside .
817	boulders	boulders in the background .
818	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in red vest is sitting outside .
818	boulders	boulders in background .
819	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a USA pullover and red pants is standing outside .
819	a wall	a wall made of boulders in the near background .
819	USA jumper	USA jumper says Future USA at the front , with the Olympic rings below the letters , one sleeve shows the stars , the other one the stripes .
819	Olympic rings	USA jumper says Future USA at the front , with the Olympic rings below the letters , one sleeve shows the stars , the other one the stripes .
821	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing dark blue dungarees and a light blue and pink pullover is standing in front of a brick-wall .
822	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue and white chequered shirt is sitting at a desk outside .
822	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue and white chequered shirt is sitting at a desk outside .
824	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a colourful shirt and a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a blue wall .
825	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy with a grey shirt is standing in a room in front of a wall made of red bricks .
826	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a red coat is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
826	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a red coat is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
827	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black blouse is standing in a classroom in front of a wooden wall .
828	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey pullover is sitting at his desk in his classroom .
828	his classmates	there are some of his classmates in the background .
829	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a grey tee-shirt is standing next to her desk in a classroom .
829	comic figures	there are two more kids and comic figures on the wall in the background .
829	more kids	there are two more kids and comic figures on the wall in the background .
829	the wall	there are two more kids and comic figures on the wall in the background .
831	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green vest is standing at her desk in a classroom in front of a wall made of red bricks .
832	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a pinkish greyish pullover is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
833	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in black pullover and blue pants is standing next to a desk .
833	brick walls	grey brick walls and blue sky in the background .
833	blue sky	grey brick walls and blue sky in the background .
834	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in black vest is sitting at a desk outside the classroom .
834	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in black vest is sitting at a desk outside the classroom .
834	walls	grey brick walls at the back .
834	a cardboard box	a cardboard box is standing on the sandy floor on the left .
834	the sandy floor	a cardboard box is standing on the sandy floor on the left .
835	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing in front of a blue wall .
836	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a black pullover is standing in front of a blue wall .
837	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue-and-white striped jumper with a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a red brick wall and a blue wall .
838	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in grey tee-shirt is standing in classroom .
838	a man	a man in the background .
841	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white tee-shirt is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
841	his desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white tee-shirt is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
841	more kids	more kids in the background are looking at the camera too .
842	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a dark blue tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
842	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a dark blue tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
842	a girl	a girl is eating in the background , another one wearing an orange pullover is walking along the corridor between the desks .
842	another one	a girl is eating in the background , another one wearing an orange pullover is walking along the corridor between the desks .
843	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in pink pullover ( with a surfing Bart Simpson on it ) is standing in front of a red brick-wall in a classroom .
843	a red brick-wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in pink pullover ( with a surfing Bart Simpson on it ) is standing in front of a red brick-wall in a classroom .
844	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a black pullover and light brown shirt in a classroom .
844	boys	two more boys in the background .
845	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt and black pants with black suspenders is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
845	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt and black pants with black suspenders is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
845	some kids	some kids in the background are sitting at their desks .
846	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
846	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
846	some sheets	some sheets of paper are lying on the desk in front of her .
846	the desk	some sheets of paper are lying on the desk in front of her .
847	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a chequered shirt standing in a classroom .
847	kids	kids sitting at their desk in the background .
847	their desk	kids sitting at their desk in the background .
848	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue , white and orange striped jumper is standing in a classroom .
848	a girl	a girl is sitting at a desk behind him .
848	a desk	a girl is sitting at a desk behind him .
848	comic figures	two comic figures on the wall in the background .
848	the wall	two comic figures on the wall in the background .
849	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white vest and black pants is standing next to a desk .
849	a bottle	the lower half of a bottle of Kola Real is standing on a desk next to her .
849	a desk	the lower half of a bottle of Kola Real is standing on a desk next to her .
849	a red brick wall	a red brick wall in the background .
850	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
850	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
850	a red brick wall	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
851	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white shirt underneath a black pullover is standing in a classroom .
851	shirt	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white shirt underneath a black pullover is standing in a classroom .
851	other kids	other kids are working in the background .
852	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black pullover is sitting at her desk in the classroom .
852	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black pullover is sitting at her desk in the classroom .
853	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a very colourful pullover is standing in between two desks in a classroom .
853	two desks	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a very colourful pullover is standing in between two desks in a classroom .
853	a poster	there is a poster on the red brick wall in the background .
853	the red brick wall	there is a poster on the red brick wall in the background .
854	a yellow hat	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy is wearing a blue pullover with a white elephant having a yellow hat on its head at the front .
854	a white elephant	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy is wearing a blue pullover with a white elephant having a yellow hat on its head at the front .
854	the boy	the boy is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
854	his desk	the boy is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
854	two kids	two kids are sitting behind him .
854	writing bienvenidos	writing bienvenidos on the wall .
855	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey and blue jumper is standing next to a desk in a classroom .
855	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey and blue jumper is standing next to a desk in a classroom .
855	a poster	a poster on a red brick wall behind him .
855	a red brick wall	a poster on a red brick wall behind him .
855	a picture	a picture of a sunflower on the wall next to him .
856	an A	a dark-skinned boy is wearing a black cap with an A on it , a grey and purple pullover and a black jacket which is red on the inside .
856	grass	grass , stones and some garbage in the background .
856	stones	grass , stones and some garbage in the background .
856	garbage	grass , stones and some garbage in the background .
857	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover is standing in a classroom .
857	a white shirt	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover is standing in a classroom .
857	other kids	there are other kids in the background too , either standing or sitting at their desk .
858	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
858	a white shirt	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
858	more kids	more kids in the background .
859	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey jacket is standing in a classroom .
859	a girl	a girl is sitting at her desk in the background .
859	her desk	a girl is sitting at her desk in the background .
859	comic characters	comic characters on the wall at the back .
859	the wall	comic characters on the wall at the back .
861	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue sweater with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
862	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey tee-shirt is standing at his desk in a classroom .
862	his desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey tee-shirt is standing at his desk in a classroom .
862	another kid	another kid in a grey jacket is standing right behind him .
863	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
863	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
864	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green and white pullover and carrying a backpack with pink straps is standing in a classroom .
864	one more girl	one more girl in the background .
865	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing at her desk in a classroom .
865	her desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing at her desk in a classroom .
868	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a black adidas cap , a white tee-shirt with long sleeves and a sleeveless dark grey pullover is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
868	his desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a black adidas cap , a white tee-shirt with long sleeves and a sleeveless dark grey pullover is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
869	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in grey tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
869	a desk	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in grey tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
871	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a purple pullover and black pants standing in her classroom in front of all the desks where the other pupils are sitting ( in the background ) .
871	other pupils	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a purple pullover and black pants standing in her classroom in front of all the desks where the other pupils are sitting ( in the background ) .
871	a blackboard	there is a blackboard in the background too .
872	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue jumper with a yellow zip and a light blue nametag is standing in a classroom .
872	some kids	some kids are standing behind him .
873	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a purple tee-shirt and an open white and blue jacket is standing in a classroom .
875	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl with black , ear-long hair in a green pullover and sleeveless brownish jumper is standing in a classroom .
875	a boy	behind her a boy with a blue cap , white tee-shirt and red pants .
875	a blackboard	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desk in the background .
875	more kids	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desk in the background .
875	their desk	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desk in the background .
879	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a brown pullover sitting at his desk in a classroom .
879	his desk	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a brown pullover sitting at his desk in a classroom .
879	some sheets	some sheets of paper on the desk .
879	more kids	more kids are standing in the background .
885	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with two short pigtails wearing a red tee-shirt , a white shirt and a greyish-blue pullover standing in a classroom .
885	one girl	one girl wearing the same outfit plus a pink nametag standing right behind her .
885	other kids	other kids are sitting at their desk in the background .
885	their desk	other kids are sitting at their desk in the background .
885	red brick wall	red brick wall on the right .
892	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a coloured polo shirt sitting in a classroom .
892	more kids	more kids and comic figures on a wall in the background .
892	comic figures	more kids and comic figures on a wall in the background .
892	a wall	more kids and comic figures on a wall in the background .
893	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a yellow Umbro sweater with black sleeves , black collar and a black zip is standing in a classroom .
893	more kids	more kids at their desks in the classroom .
893	their desks	more kids at their desks in the classroom .
893	a blackboard	also a blackboard in the background .
894	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl with long black hair wearing a red blouse and blue dungarees is standing in a classroom .
894	four kids	four kids are sitting at their desks and are watching her in the background .
894	her	four kids are sitting at their desks and are watching her in the background .
895	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a light brown cap , a white shirt and a blue pullover with a light blue nametag is standing in a classroom .
895	some kids	some kids in the background are watching him , others are at their desk .
895	others	some kids in the background are watching him , others are at their desk .
895	a blackboard	there is also a blackboard in the background .
896	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned dark-haired boy in grey tee-shirt with blue collar , SA print and a wet spot at the front standing in a classroom .
896	several desks	several desks , two more kids and a blackboard in the background .
896	two more kids	several desks , two more kids and a blackboard in the background .
896	a blackboard	several desks , two more kids and a blackboard in the background .
897	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl with long black hair wearing a purple dress with green edges standing in a classroom .
897	boy	boy dressed in green behind her eating something .
897	more kids	more kids at their desks in the background .
897	their desks	more kids at their desks in the background .
899	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl with dark long hair wearing a white vest is standing in a classroom in front of all the desks .
899	a blackboard	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desks in the background .
899	more kids	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desks in the background .
899	their desks	a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desks in the background .
900	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl in grey tee-shirt with Pokemon print and pink edge standing in a classroom in front of the desks .
900	more kids	more kids and a blackboard in the background .
900	a blackboard	more kids and a blackboard in the background .
901	sand	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
901	stones	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
901	rocks	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
904	sand	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
904	stones	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
904	rocks	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
905	a boy	a boy wearing a turquoise shirt and white hat is sitting on the ground and eating an orange .
905	sand	sand and rocks in the background .
905	rocks	sand and rocks in the background .
906	stones	stones and rocks in the background .
906	rocks	stones and rocks in the background .
906	hills	hills in the distant background .
906	background	hills in the distant background .
907	boulders	boulders in the background .
908	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl with two long and dark pigtails wearing a beige hat and a black and white jumper sitting outside .
909	rocks	rocks in the background .
910	dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing white shirt and yellow and grey sweater is standing in a classroom .
910	other kids	other kids sitting at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
910	a blackboard	other kids sitting at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
910	their desk	other kids sitting at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
912	a boy	a boy with a green cap with the script CA wearing a turquoise and green pullover with white and yellow stripes is sitting in the sand outside .
912	sand	sand , stones and boulders in the background .
912	stones	sand , stones and boulders in the background .
912	boulders	sand , stones and boulders in the background .
914	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a pink and white striped pullover is standing in a classroom .
914	blackboard	blackboard and teacher ( ? ) in the background .
914	teacher	blackboard and teacher ( ? ) in the background .
915	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned and dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
915	a grown-up's hand	a grown-up's hand is holding the girl at her waist .
915	more kids	more kids at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
915	a blackboard	more kids at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
916	dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired dark-skinned boy wearing a chequered shirt with a light blue nametag standing in a classroom .
916	more kids	more kids and a blackboard in the background .
916	a blackboard	more kids and a blackboard in the background .
917	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned dark-haired girl wearing a red jumper with red and white striped sleeves , a sleeveless blue vest and a large hat is standing outside and waving to the camera .
917	sand	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
917	stones	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
917	rocks	sand , stones and rocks in the background .
918	dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a light blue cap , a grey tee-shirt and a red jumper ( that is blue on the inside ) is standing in a classroom .
918	blackboard	blackboard and kids in the background .
918	kids	blackboard and kids in the background .
919	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a light blue tee-shirt is standing in a classroom .
919	more kids	more kids sitting at their desks and a blackboard in the background .
919	a blackboard	more kids sitting at their desks and a blackboard in the background .
921	dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a black tee-shirt and a light blue name tag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
921	the desks	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a black tee-shirt and a light blue name tag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
921	one girl	one girl sitting at her desk and eating bread .
921	another kid	another kid in a red jumper standing right behind him .
921	more kids	more kids in the background .
922	yellow plane	there is a smiling green and yellow plane on the pullover .
922	sandy landscape	sandy landscape with stones and rocks in the background .
923	sand	sand and rocks in the background .
923	rocks	sand and rocks in the background .
924	sandy landscape	sandy landscape with stones and rocks in the background .
925	rocky desert	rocky desert in the background .
926	a girl	a girl with medium-long , brunette hair and a white and light brown pullover standing in a rocky desert .
926	rocks	rocks in the background .
927	sand	sand and some stones in the background .
927	some stones	sand and some stones in the background .
929	a couple of bushes	a couple of bushes and houses in the background , one with a yellow roof , one with a red roof , the rest with grey roofs .
929	houses	a couple of bushes and houses in the background , one with a yellow roof , one with a red roof , the rest with grey roofs .
933	a green woodpecker	a dark-skinned dark-haired boy wearing a white cap ( with a green woodpecker on it ) and a white and pink jumper .
934	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a grey Nike cap and a grey pullover is standing in front of a grey wall .
935	grey wall	grey wall of a house on the right , reddish house with some wood on the left in the background .
935	some wood	grey wall of a house on the right , reddish house with some wood on the left in the background .
935	reddish house	grey wall of a house on the right , reddish house with some wood on the left in the background .
936	a dark-haired boy	a dark-haired boy wearing a black cap , a yellow tee-shirt , a white polo shirt and an open red jacket , is standing in front of a white wall .
938	houses	houses and trees in distance .
938	trees	houses and trees in distance .
939	a dark-haired boy	a dark-haired boy wearing a dark brown traditional hat and a dark red jacket standing in front of a thatched roof .
941	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a red cap and a blue jumper with a grey zip standing in the backyard .
941	a grey house	there is a grey house with a light blue roof in the background .
941	some garbage	some garbage is lying around too .
942	three houses	three houses in the background , one with a yellow roof .
942	a couple of rocks	a couple of rocks are lying around in the meadow just behind the girl .
942	the meadow	a couple of rocks are lying around in the meadow just behind the girl .
943	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black Nike cap , a chequered shirt and a red jacket ( that is black inside ) is standing in the meadow behind a house .
943	the meadow	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black Nike cap , a chequered shirt and a red jacket ( that is black inside ) is standing in the meadow behind a house .
943	some rocks	some rocks and stones in the background .
943	stones	some rocks and stones in the background .
944	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional green hat and a white cardigan in a meadow behind a grey house .
944	a meadow	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional green hat and a white cardigan in a meadow behind a grey house .
947	dark-skinned girl	a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl wearing a red vest and a long necklace standing in the backyard of two grey houses .
947	some dowels	some dowels are lying around in the background .
948	dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a dark green pullover ( with a white bear on it ) in a backyard .
948	a white bear	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a dark green pullover ( with a white bear on it ) in a backyard .
948	some garbage	some garbage lying around in the background .
949	short grass	short grass and some garbage in the background .
949	some garbage	short grass and some garbage in the background .
950	a white vest	a dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a yellow tee-shirt and a white vest underneath a green vest , and a necklace with white and green glass beads .
951	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a red vest and a brown necklace , in the backyard of a house .
952	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
952	the backyard	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
952	pink vest	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
953	a white pullover	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a white pullover underneath a large , red poncho and a brown necklace .
953	a grey brick wall	a grey brick wall and short grass in background .
953	short grass	a grey brick wall and short grass in background .
955	a grey brick wall	a grey brick wall and short grass in the background .
955	short grass	a grey brick wall and short grass in the background .
957	a grey house	a grey house and short grass in the background .
957	short grass	a grey house and short grass in the background .
958	two houses	two houses in the background , one with a grey roof , the other one with a light brown roof .
958	short grass	short grass and some large stones in the background .
958	large stones	short grass and some large stones in the background .
959	short grass	exterior shot , with some short grass in the background .
960	dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey cap and a dark and light grey jumper with a black zip , in front of a white wall .
962	blue sky	blue sky in background .
963	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey tee-shirt , a dark green vest and a light green poncho , is standing in the backyard of a house .
963	the backyard	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey tee-shirt , a dark green vest and a light green poncho , is standing in the backyard of a house .
963	a white painted house	a white painted house with a thatched roof and a wooden fence in the background .
963	a plastic bag	there is also a plastic bag in front of the fence .
966	a few trees	a hilly landscape with a few trees in near background , distant background almost treeless .
966	background	a hilly landscape with a few trees in near background , distant background almost treeless .
966	background	a hilly landscape with a few trees in near background , distant background almost treeless .
967	dark-haired boy	portrait of a coloured , dark-haired boy with a bit washed-out green hat , white tee-shirt and a claret vest pullover , in front of a branch of a conifer .
969	short grass	short grass and some garbage in the background .
969	some garbage	short grass and some garbage in the background .
970	short grass	short grass in background .
971	short grass	short grass in the background .
991	a dark-haired boy	a dark-haired boy wearing a black pullover and a light blue jeans jacket is standing in front of a painted wall .
991	a sunset	the painting shows a sunset behind hills and a tree .
992	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt in front of a painted wall .
992	a sunset	the painting shows a sunset behind a hill and a tree .
993	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy with a sceptic look , white cap and purple pullover standing in front of a red door with a glasswindow and children's paintings attached .
993	children's paintings	a dark-skinned boy with a sceptic look , white cap and purple pullover standing in front of a red door with a glasswindow and children's paintings attached .
994	dark-skinned boy	a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a red , white and brown anorak and a blue cap is standing in front of a pile of wood .
995	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey pullover and a dark turquoise vest is standing in front of a pile of wood .
996	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a traditional green hat , black chequered pants and a pink violet poncho is standing in front of a white wall with a light blue fillet .
997	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black and yellow beanie , a white shirt beneath a light blue anorak and black pants leaning against a grey wall .
998	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing an orange cap , a light and dark blue anorak and grey trousers , is standing in front of a grey wall .
999	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
999	a black bag	a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
999	white striped shirt	a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
1000	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a knitted woolly hat and a light and dark grey striped jumper with a grey zip , leaning on a grey wall .
1001	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap and a dark blue and yellow anorak with a black zip in front of a light grey wall .
1003	very rocky landscape	very rocky landscape with little grass in the background .
1003	a mountain range	there is also one roof of a house and a mountain range in the distance .
1003	one roof	there is also one roof of a house and a mountain range in the distance .
1004	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a blue cap and a yellow jumper is standing outside a house , having his hands in his pockets .
1004	his hands	a dark-skinned boy wearing a blue cap and a yellow jumper is standing outside a house , having his hands in his pockets .
1005	a boy	a boy with a light blue cap , a red pullover , blue jeans and black shoes is standing in front of a pile of red bricks , with his hands in his pockets .
1005	his hands	a boy with a light blue cap , a red pullover , blue jeans and black shoes is standing in front of a pile of red bricks , with his hands in his pockets .
1005	thatched roofs	thatched roofs in the background .
1006	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl wearing a traditional green hat and a purple cloak ( cloth ) standing in front of a very colourful wall .
1007	a dark-skinned girl	a dark-skinned girl wearing a black hat and a black jacket with red sleeves and a red zip is standing in front of a very colourful wall .
1008	dark-haired girl	a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat and a blue poncho is standing in front of a colourful wall .
1009	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy	a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a dark blue anorak and grey pants is standing in front of a grey wall .
1010	a dark-skinned boy	a dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap with a red shield , a purple jacket with dark green sleeves and red pants is standing in front of a grey wall .
1015	black and red saurian	a large black and red saurian next to a small black saurian on some sandy rocks .
1015	black saurian	a large black and red saurian next to a small black saurian on some sandy rocks .
1026	wooden bed	interior view of a room with a large wooden bed in the centre .
1026	a wooden commode	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1026	a mirror	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1026	bedside table	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1026	a huge fan	there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
1029	a man	a man in white shirt , black jacket , grey pants and black shoes is sitting on a wooden chair and talking on the phone .
1029	a wooden bed	on the right a wooden bed with white bedcovers .
1029	a wooden desk	on the left ( before the man ) a wooden desk and a vase with flowers .
1029	a vase	on the left ( before the man ) a wooden desk and a vase with flowers .
1029	a black brief-case	there is a black brief-case in front of the chair , and there is also a picture hanging on the wall above the bed .
1029	a picture	there is a black brief-case in front of the chair , and there is also a picture hanging on the wall above the bed .
1030	a blue bus	a blue bus is parking in front of the entrance of the Hotel Galeria .
1030	stairs	there are stairs at the entrance .
1030	flags	there are flags and a lamp at each side of the entrance .
1030	a lamp	there are flags and a lamp at each side of the entrance .
1033	a fountain	an inner courtyard with a fountain and flower pots in the centre .
1033	flower pots	an inner courtyard with a fountain and flower pots in the centre .
1033	the courtyard	several arches surround the courtyard on two levels in front of the red building with a blue entrance .
1033	flower pots	more flower pots below the arches .
1037	a night table	interior view of a room with two single beds with a yellow and red chequered bedcover and a night table in between the two beds .
1037	a wooden commode	on the right a wooden commode and a red chair .
1037	a red chair	on the right a wooden commode and a red chair .
1037	a window	a window at the back , with the curtains closed .
1039	a wooden table	there is a wooden table and a wooden commode to the left .
1039	a wooden commode	there is a wooden table and a wooden commode to the left .
1039	a bed	a bed to the right .
1039	two red armchairs	two red armchairs with a round table on the left at the back .
1039	a round table	two red armchairs with a round table on the left at the back .
1040	flower pot	arched entrance to a hotel with a revolving glass door and a well exposed flower pot on each side of the entrance .
1041	two palm trees	a large , brown , 18 story building with two palm trees , lamps and flags in front .
1041	lamps	a large , brown , 18 story building with two palm trees , lamps and flags in front .
1041	flags	a large , brown , 18 story building with two palm trees , lamps and flags in front .
1041	blue sky	blue sky in the background .
1049	the entrance	exterior view of a light brown house , with stairs rising to the entrance of the second floor on the left , a tower with two small windows in the centre .
1049	two small windows	exterior view of a light brown house , with stairs rising to the entrance of the second floor on the left , a tower with two small windows in the centre .
1049	an arch	there is an arch below the stairs leading to the entrance of the first floor .
1049	attached houses	attached houses on the right .
1049	blue sky	blue sky in the background .
1053	a bedside lamp	interior view of a room with white walls , a wooden double bed , white pillows , a brown , green and red striped blanked and a night table with a bedside lamp on it .
1056	Five flags	Five flags and a cobbled street in front of the entrance .
1056	a cobbled street	Five flags and a cobbled street in front of the entrance .
1060	a swimming pool	a swimming pool in the foreground .
